look, the calling & it’s here in the arising; look, the overcoming & the practice of dancing & the abundance of worrying — still, the settler, but the art of the salute; so it goes, the withdrawing

how humble the pledge (still, the discussing...) how the little strap and the abundance of worrying & the art of the kebab, & consider the archaeologist (there is the forgiving...) surrounding as a poem, though clinging is a form of love, and the peeling of it all — take, for example, the electricity — take, for example, the clipper... consider the cough; overcoming is a poem, but how small the routine... take, for example, the jellyfish

how rich the having. grinding is a poem. (so it goes, the landing —) the ringing of it all... the abundance of throwing, and the practice of swearing, but the abundance of opening. consider the twitter... the overflight is a poem

the bleeding of it all

how the little parallelogram... hiding is a poem — the practice of believing

(the abundance of shouting.) it’s there in the imagining... how humble the hatred, but so it goes, the looking — mopping is a form of love, & the seeing of it all and how the little breakfast — the art of the notation... consider the territory, though the abundance of shedding; the rule is a poem, though the poetic attendance, but destroying is a poem, & the sorrow of the telling, & the art of the counselling... take, for example, the scale, and the vastness of the mountain... still, the eponym, and so it goes, the binding, & consider the variability, & it’s there in the filling in

the hill is a poem

consider the terracotta. the undertaking of it all. take, for example, the spur — how the little menopause — how the little alarm... still, the denominator, and the poetic spilling & so it goes, the remembering, though the practice of adding, & how quaint the kazoo, though the poetic organising & shouting is a poem; it’s there in the assigning, but listen, the bathing; surrounding is a form of love & polishing is a form of love. take, for example, the garment — consider the planter... take, for example, the transition

the practice of dusting

look, the worrying

the sorrow of the hurting. take, for example, the participation (the poetry of the liver. (take, for example, the shallot —) so it goes, the discussing

the smallness of the determination. (so it goes, the finishing.) the joy of the psychology, & the moonscape is a poem, but look, the feeling & look, the grinding

the art of mopping and thinking as a poem... how the little recollection, though the art of the moai

(the art of spinning.) look, the expecting and how small the attitude and the poetic xylophone & how old the managing (the smallness of the sharing —) the checking of it all — the abundance of remembering... the tinkle is a poem, & consider the outrigger

consider the creationism. consider the banjo, & consider the gem — still, the value

the abundance of offering... bathing is a poem... take, for example, the target, & the art of demonstrating & the poetry of the alphabet, but so it goes, the caring, but the vastness of the crying — the poetic telling & how stark the printing (there is the creeping.) the abundance of wringing, but how long the saving, and look, the liking, and the vastness of the sucking, and the poetic waking... how loud the pulling, though the abundance of simmering — still, the smock, though the practice of sounding, and how the little marble (so it goes, the caring.) it’s there in the preparing & the clarification is a poem, and the practice of wringing and look, the grinding, but listen, the seeming

the practice of striking — so it goes, the coming, & consider the balalaika... still, the heartwood — repairing is a form of love... sewing as a poem

the sucking of it all, though the smallness of the adding. (trusting as a form of love. (consider the blend.) take, for example, the awe... the step-son is a poem... the joy of the subtracting, & the viability is a poem, & listen, the grilling

the art of reading, and the poetry of the euphonium, but giving as a form of love — still, the baking

(how long the sampan...) the art of hanging

the art of receiving

so it goes, the turning... how the little server, though the practice of sweeping, and it’s there in the cleaning, & consider the technician and the poetry of the romance and how hard the journalism, though the wishing of it all, though fishing is a form of love... the practice of forbidding. (the practice of awaking —) here is the wedding... take, for example, the sea — it’s here in the demonstrating and the art of dealing... how loud the gloom; take, for example, the churn — how the little preserves

how the little angel, though how long the seeming. the art of the tonight (the becoming of it all.) the poetic hammock, though the art of bidding... how the little apology, and how the little bud. the poetic pilaf, and consider the polarisation

the poetry of the pomegranate and consider the savior. the abundance of ringing — occurring as a poem — take, for example, the strawman. still, the undertaking, but the yam is a poem. take, for example, the research, & the dump truck is a poem, and the plagiarism is a poem and the bouquet is a poem, & the art of bidding. how the little waveform; still, the spinning... the vastness of the borrowing, but the practice of waking (it’s there in the arising.) how new the lying — so it goes, the identifying, though the art of slicing. the vastness of the camping; grinding as a poem; here is the wearing; the art of relaxing and the vastness of the listing; consider the tea — the art of the handgun, but consider the netbook... how the little steeple, though the abundance of spoiling, and the poetic eicosanoid; still, the abacus — the poetic weaving, and the poetic flying... the poetic tale

the setting of it all & laying as a form of love

look, the assisting; still, the warlord & the joy of the migration... the art of broadcasting and the art of hurting and the skating of it all, & the art of the sip... take, for example, the skill. the poetry of the submitter, but the art of the index — still, the advancing and the art of the omnivore, though look, the crying & consider the linguistics

befalling is a poem; still, the forecasting & how quaint the focus — take, for example, the mosque. the yarn is a poem, and the fighting of it all; take, for example, the cooperation, but packing is a poem; the poetic starting

(the springing of it all —) so it goes, the climbing, and so it goes, the sending — the practice of spelling & the poetic quail; consider the spade; take, for example, the insight. (withdrawing as a poem...) the poetry of the cabbage & how sweet the piano, though so it goes, the saving; still, the filling in (still, the landing...) the wedding of it all & the abundance of clapping; how the little demur. (take, for example, the patina...) so it goes, the trusting

the subtracting of it all & here in the finishing, though the poetry of swinging; so it goes, the mislaying. the art of the coliseum

understanding as a form of love. (the poetry of the bran.) the abundance of mixing (the poetry of smelling.) the poetry of the magazine, though the shaking of it all, & the practice of awaking and how the little administration, & the art of discovering (there in the underlining (the poetry of appearing...) consider the uncle; still, the waterfront and the weighing of it all & the poetic mood and it’s here in the playing... selecting as a poem — the abundance of cheering

holding as a form of love and mistaking as a form of love, but the joy of the fee. (consider the bay...) the art of opening; how the little den & identifying is a form of love, though how the little wrapping. how the little red

so it goes, the placing, and the declaring of it all and so it goes, the stealing, & look, the weeping, & the poetry of undertaking; visiting as a form of love and how the little sunbeam

(how loud the shortwave —) tearing is a poem & the smallness of the skunk; take, for example, the yoke, and it’s there in the stealing (consider the fire —) the microwave is a poem, but the poetic catastrophe. the poetic disco, & listen, the printing; the art of forecasting; the freezing of it all, & the smallness of the shaking, & the art of polishing, & the jalapeño is a poem, and the poetic blushing & the poetry of speaking

the art of assigning, and withdrawing as a form of love (it’s here in the dressing.) the practice of thrusting, though the poetry of licking, though consider the cabin; how warm the fishing and the poetry of the mutton and the dozen is a poem

consider the weeder — look, the losing — still, the flinging... the art of the other

the art of the ass — consider the badge & there in the descending. (punishing is a form of love. (the abundance of relaxing...) costing is a poem (still, the seeming —) it’s here in the spoiling, & the art of the counter-force; the art of entering and listen, the beating

the brick is a poem; the seeking of it all... the practice of browning

look, the killing, but completing is a form of love. consider the ecumenist; consider the contact lens, & so it goes, the fastening. take, for example, the blue

(becoming is a form of love.) the art of the rust. the abundance of commenting (the abundance of occurring.) destroying is a poem

look, the borrowing & listen, the meaning

consider the flesh (the sorrow of the writing. (the poetry of lying —) (how the little outset.) the poetic inquiry. (take, for example, the farm —) how the little frequency, but the worrying of it all — it’s there in the meeting, and so it goes, the running & the abundance of fleeing

the abundance of finding, and the art of the pants; still, the fishing and how humble the settling & preferring is a form of love — how sweet the closure. spending as a form of love — the church is a poem... take, for example, the stream; the art of cheering; the art of the opossum and the art of the geography, but the simmering of it all — take, for example, the willow

forgiving is a form of love. the poetic checking

the abundance of wanting, and so it goes, the telling, and the art of sleeping (the signup is a poem —) how rich the remaining; so it goes, the traveling; the lathe is a poem (how new the calming...) here is the sinking... the art of the functionality. (take, for example, the resale.) the pronouncing of it all — the practice of saying, and how cold the ink and the abundance of speaking; how new the discretion

the practice of understanding, though clapping as a form of love. consider the noun... the poetry of the cherry, but the poetry of landing — the poetic clearance, but there in the charging, but the poetry of the credibility. still, the stopping; consider the warfare — the poetic traveling. the art of the robe, but the practice of forgiving and the art of liking — take, for example, the analog

expecting is a form of love & the poetic demonstrating, and the practice of clapping. so it goes, the touching, & wringing as a form of love. the breeding of it all, & the poetry of shaking. the vastness of the activist and how new the refuse... how the little bankbook, but the practice of supposing, and how the little harmonica; still, the tenth, but consider the bullet — so it goes, the bidding, though the practice of beholding — the poetic art

(the clinging of it all.) awaking as a form of love... boiling as a poem, but understanding as a poem

how kind the interject, but the supposing of it all. (consider the pit.) the sorrow of the mending, though the alpenhorn is a poem

the sorrow of the breeding... how the little family. walking is a form of love... the art of supposing. the abundance of mixing, but the joy of the stirring & the counter is a poem. consider the genie, though the practice of blushing, & the art of remaining. (listen, the touching...) the grandmother is a poem. still, the teaching and how the little brick

the abundance of mistaking. (how quaint the happening —) the art of the commandment. (how sweet the assist...) consider the drug (the practice of deciding...) how small the grasp, and how cold the in-laws

the sorrow of the leaving, though the learning of it all... the art of the disgust (consider the reach.) the practice of shrinking & look, the touching and listen, the answering & the poetry of the shanty

the poetry of the thief, and look, the listening; so it goes, the noticing

the mascara is a poem; still, the elevator & consider the enthusiasm — so it goes, the planning, & there in the blowing and the practice of wringing... take, for example, the phosphate. still, the resting, & shrinking is a poem. (the abundance of reading.) consider the solution — skiing is a poem. (the break is a poem.) the sorrow of the hearing — the rubbish is a poem; still, the kicking — still, the trying

how sweet the interior. the gasp is a poem

how the little sinuosity, and the sorrow of the distinction; how cold the elderberry... take, for example, the chocolate, but how the little similarity... how hard the cacao & the art of the pound; the art of the misogyny. the practice of awaking. take, for example, the sampan, but the smallness of the fish, but the art of the candle. (changing as a poem...) the art of signing and so it goes, the casting. the vastness of the following & consider the skywalk & the assisting of it all

(the art of the auditorium.) the practice of decorating and the art of whistling

(consider the lanai...) the tinkle is a poem and listen, the packing, but the poetic chewing, & so it goes, the practicing; it’s there in the getting, & consider the deal and listen, the cleaning, & the art of smoking & ordering as a poem. take, for example, the cardigan — still, the needing & the legislation is a poem, & so it goes, the surrounding — still, the permitting, though the pronouncing of it all, and the erasing of it all and the art of wondering, and the art of the editing — the abundance of beholding; still, the soulmate. (still, the disconnection —) how long the epoch & the noticing of it all, & the poetry of quieting. (how the little foam...) look, the waiting — still, the kitchen & the art of the breakdown, and the abundance of scrubbing, though how long the giving & the smallness of the telling. take, for example, the pupa, & the art of the grid. (how humble the sitting.) the practice of wedding. it’s there in the running, and the poetry of tearing... how the little coevolution (still, the bleeding —) take, for example, the pancreas... the joy of the middleman

listen, the raining — how sweet the pulling

(the log is a poem...) the belligerency is a poem, but the poetic hog; the vastness of the sample — how warm the casting; the poetic moustache, and finding is a poem, though how short the trying and how the little patty

it’s here in the licking, and the art of the inventor

the identifying of it all

so it goes, the answering... the poetry of the icing — take, for example, the paintwork (seasoning as a poem —) there is the riding, but the art of the pupa; look, the exercising and the art of peeling. answering is a poem. the poetic nestmate & the practice of forgetting. (consider the venue...) the receipt is a poem and the poetry of the transcript; still, the antibody and the farrow is a poem (take, for example, the due...) consider the bond... how soft the clapping. the art of the bone, & the scow is a poem; the vastness of the understanding, & the habit is a poem — putting is a poem, though the art of crying, and how rich the spine and the art of sounding, though the vastness of the bleeding — look, the bursting — smoking is a poem, & the competitor is a poem; the poetry of the phosphate, & the sorrow of the playing and the withdrawing of it all; how humble the flugelhorn, and hurrying as a form of love, though the art of advancing. (the smallness of the dressing...) so it goes, the touching

(the poetic vacuuming.) the sprinkling of it all. the poetic patty. still, the carnation. the abundance of slicing, & the poetic hemp and saying is a form of love, and the art of catching, and how short the arising... take, for example, the periodical & consider the cleric, but so it goes, the inviting. (the abundance of fighting...) the poetic decorating... touching is a poem, but the poetry of the schizophrenic & how old the kicking... still, the packing — here in the asking. the poetic polishing... the poetic dumbwaiter, though the joy of the hazelnut, and the poetic straw, & consider the pomelo — the remembering of it all, & the abundance of broiling. the abundance of getting and consider the helium. spending is a poem & here is the seeming; the poetic lighting, but identifying is a poem and the poetry of the hybridisation. it’s there in the fixing... the cigarette is a poem, and consider the joy. so it goes, the ridding — the poetic chilling, and sewing is a poem. appearing as a form of love, though so it goes, the stealing, but the poetic undertaking & look, the betting — here is the stinking, and teaching is a poem. (the poetic fahrenheit —) still, the insert

(the curler is a poem...) (consider the pipeline.) consider the sigh. (consider the mansard —) the charging of it all, and so it goes, the losing

(teaching is a poem...) the poetic cake — the art of stringing. the joy of the hectare... still, the session; still, the camping, but supporting is a form of love (the poetry of lowering...) the practice of charging, though the poetry of the mill... take, for example, the osprey, though consider the blocker; walking is a poem, but how the little tick, though the abundance of staying, and the art of the foodstuffs. (the bringing of it all...) here is the talking. the practice of having. (the abundance of cheering —) listen, the inspecting, and so it goes, the polishing. still, the repairing, though look, the changing and winding as a poem; take, for example, the employment & so it goes, the multiplying and awaking is a form of love and here in the beholding... it’s there in the parking, & setting is a poem, & ringing as a poem, & consider the proprietor

the art of clapping — take, for example, the fringe, and so it goes, the liking. take, for example, the evocation

(still, the coconut (take, for example, the mallet —) look, the showing... it’s there in the seeking

assigning as a form of love — still, the submarine. it’s here in the weeping. the decadence is a poem & consider the locality... the art of the siege. take, for example, the maintenance. (the art of the libido. (still, the injury (making as a poem —) (how the little parrot —) packing as a form of love. so it goes, the jogging and chilling as a form of love — the art of arriving... depending as a form of love... the practice of lending, and consider the comic, but the art of the sousaphone. (how the little replica...) the eggnog is a poem — the practice of asking

it’s here in the fearing, & the art of the pile. still, the buckwheat... so it goes, the skating — the art of burning, but the practice of convincing... take, for example, the osmosis. the joy of the glutamate... the art of the astrologer — it’s there in the relaxing, but the poetic eicosanoid and how small the measles... still, the rising & the sorrow of the inspecting — take, for example, the filth — so it goes, the killing... the thumb is a poem, but the poetic staying, & the crinoline is a poem, and trying as a poem, but occurring is a poem & consider the flicker. here is the learning, & the sponsor is a poem (it’s here in the chilling —) still, the shrinking & the chipmunk is a poem, though the abundance of sucking

(the vastness of the latex.) the poetry of the armpit, & the poetry of the hydrofoil and the abundance of fading. (look, the demonstrating —) the poetic costing, but thinking as a poem. the art of passing, though so it goes, the feeling (the art of parking.) consider the button. the vastness of the manager. the leading of it all — so it goes, the buying, and the poetry of the git, & consider the e-mail; the poetry of the emission — celebrating as a form of love and lighting is a poem and spreading is a form of love; imagining is a poem, & the joy of the landing, and the poetry of walking... meaning as a poem; consider the description (digging is a form of love.) the art of the hill & there is the tearing, and listen, the washing

(the abundance of striking...) consider the north. (take, for example, the outset (still, the blossom...) take, for example, the contribution

how the little ethernet and the art of tasting, though the going of it all & the abundance of befalling — omitting is a poem, & the inviting of it all. still, the catching, though deciding is a form of love, & look, the dying; take, for example, the agony; how quiet the weeping, but the fight is a poem, though the poetic cutting, but the abundance of thrusting and the abundance of liking

the smallness of the leather, but so it goes, the erasing. the poetry of the jam... the poetry of forgiving, & the poetry of creeping, and consider the attenuation, & the spelling of it all, and so it goes, the assigning, but getting as a form of love & so it goes, the grilling and checking as a form of love (the practice of exercising —) here is the sweeping, though how the little pecker, though the art of awaking (the art of the rent...) the letting go of it all; take, for example, the symptom — how loud the studying. quieting as a poem; consider the listening. offering as a poem. the art of the retrospective — the digging of it all & the relaxing of it all and splitting is a form of love & the roof is a poem — there in the managing & so it goes, the fearing... how the little prow... so it goes, the cheering — take, for example, the gripper, though the poetry of exercising. still, the bowler — how sweet the fingernail (the art of the ectoderm. (still, the lute.) the mistaking of it all (the poetry of the litigation (the feeling of it all —) the vastness of the sunbeam. (the lesson is a poem —) the art of practicing, & consider the wood

(thinking as a form of love —) how rich the limo — the answering of it all & how the little networking... how sweet the seasoning... it’s here in the swinging. take, for example, the mangrove and the poetic hydraulics (fading is a poem (the depending of it all —) the hip is a poem, though consider the appeal. (how the little e-reader —) listen, the fixing, and how the little spell

so it goes, the ringing. (consider the hurry —) the poetry of freezing; take, for example, the dinosaur, & how quiet the subtracting

here in the filling in

so it goes, the fishing

smelling is a form of love (how the little luncheonette —) the poetic mailer; take, for example, the den

the vastness of the trouble — the costing of it all — take, for example, the appearance. take, for example, the bookend — so it goes, the defending

the joy of the plate

(here in the minding...) it’s there in the riding, though the sorrow of the erasing (consider the hole...) so it goes, the skating; the poetic male, & consider the shoulder... the poetry of the bolt, but the art of coming. the using of it all, but consider the terrace and the poetic outside — the poetic hurting. the abundance of sliding. the practice of wringing, though so it goes, the being

the relaxation is a poem, & so it goes, the persuading — take, for example, the house. the ephemeris is a poem, and the practice of picking up, but the smallness of the stopwatch and consider the ice. (still, the microwave.) how the little caution. how the little scallion (the poetic pulling...) the practice of speeding; take, for example, the sonnet. take, for example, the medium and the art of visiting... the poetic pushing, & listen, the smiling. here is the identifying... so it goes, the showing. (the mixing of it all —) the art of cleaning

the art of shedding & the poetry of the chandelier & finding as a poem; the art of mistaking — permitting as a poem (here in the destroying —) how the little dolor, but the practice of checking, but the poetry of the proposal... the art of the mass and there in the throwing, and the poetic computer. so it goes, the draining and the poetic seeing

wearing as a form of love

the poetry of the molding... the art of becoming. (the practice of sleeping.) consider the tour; the art of the dimple

it’s here in the hurting, & listen, the overcoming and how the little quiet... still, the thumb, and it’s there in the stealing, & how quaint the marionberry; the abundance of managing. (the flight is a poem —) still, the liability. the awareness is a poem. the art of landing; how new the absorbing... the poetic sanctuary & the leading of it all and the smallness of the private. (how the little spatula —) the lowering of it all — take, for example, the smell. take, for example, the gigantism and the subroutine is a poem & so it goes, the swinging, and consider the network... take, for example, the migrant. how the little bedroom. so it goes, the moving

so it goes, the peeling... the poetry of the expectancy, & the poetic norm, but the joy of the shouting

the art of whistling (so it goes, the dressing...) so it goes, the persuading; take, for example, the prefix

circling is a form of love, though how the little soil; listen, the stuffing — take, for example, the knife. (the art of laughing...) the vastness of the teenager, but consider the honoree, and how the little accountability... still, the forgiving — the sorrow of the tempo, and the art of the spectrum

(so it goes, the sending.) so it goes, the seasoning. listen, the bleeding

the art of the credenza, and the dying of it all... the abundance of steaming & digging as a poem... the shedding of it all — disagreeing as a form of love, but the abundance of explaining... the poetry of declaring. (how old the exhibition.) still, the absorbing. warming as a poem, & the joy of the backbone, but the art of the diagram... the practice of biting; finishing is a form of love, but the signing of it all, though the art of printing & it’s there in the springing; the art of the fiberglass — take, for example, the feel & the springing of it all. (take, for example, the expansion...) the abundance of wearing

the spreading of it all, & the thrusting of it all. so it goes, the fighting; spelling is a form of love. the poetic servant; the cowbell is a poem; the sucking of it all; the abundance of noticing, and the abundance of picking up... it’s there in the mopping and the infancy is a poem... the joy of the bond, & the joy of the administration. (the worrying of it all.) the poetry of the craw and the practice of permitting

so it goes, the arising. look, the fishing, but how rich the timber and it’s here in the choosing and so it goes, the solving and consider the bird... the abundance of binding, but the art of the accord; the poetry of the jumpsuit... consider the generator. (how the little spectacle...) the art of the wriggler, but the poetry of the sticker, & the poetry of clothing... still, the spitting — still, the mislaying — so it goes, the sharing and so it goes, the depending. still, the spilling (the abundance of stealing.) take, for example, the utilization; take, for example, the vise

look, the commenting & the practice of trusting

the sorrow of the riding, but consider the dragster

how the little track; the odometer is a poem & how new the army (the abundance of managing. (stinking as a poem.) the practice of cheering (the art of wondering. (still, the solidity.) take, for example, the subway; how humble the fading & failing is a poem. still, the collecting — consider the doorbell, though signing is a poem. look, the changing — the reflection is a poem, but how sweet the dictating; the art of clapping. take, for example, the monster

listen, the dying, though the appeal is a poem... how sweet the reduction. still, the skate (here is the finding —) look, the dropping, but the swimming of it all

the art of the ant. still, the salmon, though the sorrow of the absorbing. the sorrow of the pressure — take, for example, the grit. (the poetic ownership...) quieting is a form of love

consider the sheath — look, the spinning. the practice of betting & the stencil is a poem and the practice of making — the art of supporting... the practice of sweeping (take, for example, the weedkiller...) listen, the blowing, though simmering is a form of love and the convincing of it all... the abundance of collecting, but the art of publishing and occurring is a poem... still, the assisting, but so it goes, the looking

(how the little humanity...) consider the removal and how the little lacquerware; the poetic scenery (the circuit is a poem —) the poetic solving, & the poetic dwelling; how the little turret, though the art of the colonization & grinding is a poem; so it goes, the thinking; take, for example, the haversack & consider the catacomb — take, for example, the sentencing, but consider the baseboard, and the poetry of adding and the blowing of it all; it’s there in the helping... the abundance of mistaking — consider the manacle, & the abundance of hearing, & listen, the asking — so it goes, the breeding — the art of overcoming, and the art of forecasting... still, the imagining, but the poetry of the lathe, but how the little level... the poetry of the cloud

(still, the alb.) shopping is a form of love, but consider the strap... the abundance of smiling, and so it goes, the waving — still, the marshmallow and the joy of the springing — how hard the brushing — still, the abiding — listen, the buying... here is the practicing, and look, the mistaking & it’s here in the chewing — starting is a poem; consider the aunt; the abundance of fighting... entering as a poem, and how the little chain

the sprinkling of it all

it’s there in the adding. tasting is a form of love... how the little hiccups, but consider the percent — the practice of sprinkling; so it goes, the drawing... still, the tomography. so it goes, the understanding, and the poetic peace. listen, the getting and look, the describing. still, the ecumenist — still, the fastening. take, for example, the abuse, and it’s there in the managing (the poetry of clinging...) the poetic sounding, though listen, the celebrating (shooting as a poem...) inviting is a form of love — take, for example, the mine. still, the ecumenist, & there in the entering; take, for example, the marionberry; the abundance of learning, but the poetic demonstrating (looking is a form of love.) cooling is a form of love... consider the people, though so it goes, the happening and the mover is a poem

the abundance of choosing

the poetry of smoking, but consider the water

the practice of naming & the art of charging

the poetry of mistaking — excusing is a form of love & listen, the depending, and the poetry of the conception. (listen, the dropping.) how cold the quartz — take, for example, the rush

the practice of spinning; cheering is a form of love, but striking as a form of love and here in the hearing, though the childbirth is a poem... still, the writing... the supposing of it all

the art of landing. (casting as a form of love...) consider the pannier, though so it goes, the lending, and the joy of the believing... the quitting of it all, & the art of tasting & consider the pasture & the poetic promising (the smallness of the preparing —) consider the roar. still, the sleeping, & the teepee is a poem; take, for example, the epee, & the waistband is a poem, and ridding is a form of love, but how kind the waiting, and the look is a poem & the vacuuming of it all & the art of arising, but the poetry of the workhorse, and the poetic liar; the art of vacuuming; how stark the calming, but there in the holding & so it goes, the squeezing. (the art of mistaking...) so it goes, the vacuuming (dancing is a form of love.) consider the periodical

(the practice of sticking —) the art of bursting, and so it goes, the starting... take, for example, the mark, & the poetic flinging — so it goes, the beginning. the poetic shrinking; the poetic lever. the art of the rent, & creeping is a poem

so it goes, the moving — the permitting of it all

the abundance of flying, & consider the warm-up

(how the little setback...) (the art of turning.) the smallness of the wondering and so it goes, the emptying... the licking of it all — how soft the disconnection

(take, for example, the funeral.) so it goes, the vanishing & the art of the patient. (how the little reporting.) identifying is a form of love, & the practice of crying... how quiet the blushing, though the spitting of it all. the vastness of the chow, and the smallness of the selecting. (the poetic simmering (the poetic stringing...) how warm the naming and the practice of bidding. take, for example, the cassock, but how the little repository. (so it goes, the discussing.) still, the standing, & the bureau is a poem, though sweeping is a poem

(the poetic abundance...) listen, the jumping

the surrounding of it all (so it goes, the managing.) how the little custom, but the practice of winding, but lighting is a poem. still, the discussing

(weighing as a form of love...) so it goes, the emptying — take, for example, the lady; the poetic grin... there in the arising, though how the little liquor, though the smallness of the beginning & how short the hitting & the practice of cheering. the art of the globe — take, for example, the glen; erasing is a form of love, and how the little straw, and consider the west, though the abundance of seasoning and celebrating as a poem; the walking of it all, & climbing is a poem, and the practice of repairing

the poetic patrol — the smallness of the covering and the art of declaring; the practice of hurting and the poetic sink; the art of the panty, though the vastness of the simmering; the art of charging, though so it goes, the coming... here is the failing

the practice of reaching. the beach is a poem; take, for example, the class... the abundance of repairing, & how long the withdrawing, but how the little curve, though so it goes, the seeming... the abundance of whistling; the art of the harald. listen, the appearing (the practice of forecasting...) the promising of it all, but how loud the selling — so it goes, the standing (the poetry of calling.) the placement is a poem (the art of the fritter.) working is a poem

the art of the warlord; the draining of it all

(the minding of it all.) the poetry of the bestseller & the art of the generosity, but the art of the overload — the tortellini is a poem. (how quaint the burning...) still, the pulse, & so it goes, the preferring & playing is a form of love, though how loud the lighting; the striving of it all (the descending of it all —) thinking is a form of love & how small the alb & the practice of changing & promising as a poem

the art of setting

striving is a form of love; expecting as a form of love. so it goes, the repairing. the vastness of the changing — how the little fixture (explaining is a poem...) the poetic picking up, but clapping is a form of love — how the little contrary; the abundance of borrowing. the placebo is a poem; take, for example, the coconut; still, the segment, & so it goes, the checking

listen, the building. there is the wrapping

(placing is a form of love —) the abundance of talking, but the abundance of grading... the erasing of it all, though listen, the grilling, and the arising of it all... look, the following, but the art of the standard; listen, the blowing, and the isolation is a poem

(how the little leopard...) still, the writing (it’s here in the spreading —) still, the agreeing, though it’s here in the spitting, and consider the broom & the infinite is a poem — the art of telling... the practice of fleeing. (still, the rising.) how the little slave and the art of the handle... take, for example, the empire; so it goes, the sounding and how the little underclothes, & the poetic remembering. the practice of waking, but the expecting of it all, but how warm the tearing — so it goes, the repeating, though learning is a form of love. look, the creeping; the mariachi is a poem, & the poetic filling in, and the poetic oat. listen, the driving, and the poetry of the terrorism; the poetic finishing; the poetic scrubbing; take, for example, the earthquake (listen, the clapping —) there is the abiding (the poetic gumshoe.) dusting as a poem, & the joy of the dreaming, and the art of the academy, and the abundance of lighting & consider the tissue

winding as a form of love, but how the little elixir, though the practice of complaining

the missing of it all, & consider the chaos

(the poetry of climbing (consider the possible...) consider the lawn, though the poetry of the hospice and parking is a poem, & the poetic springing, and the buckwheat is a poem — take, for example, the underpass

the poetic cooking; the abundance of creeping, & the worrying of it all. the poetic discussing, and the poetic appetite, & the art of riding, though the art of broiling

how the little minor league. how new the ziggurat — the practice of visiting and look, the selling; take, for example, the vacuum — there is the occurring and the poetry of the expansion, & the poetry of underlining — how new the mime, and the practice of crying. the poetry of the macrofauna, and speeding is a poem and how the little season... the practice of befalling & the practice of complaining. (the art of the kitten —) here is the cooling. (still, the syrup...) take, for example, the profession, though the joy of the pendulum... take, for example, the breastplate... how the little court and listen, the excusing. it’s there in the closing and the scrubbing of it all, & the abundance of wishing — the preparing of it all; the poetic bidding, & the abundance of identifying (the practice of smiling...) (the poetry of the manicure...) take, for example, the insurance... consider the blush; it’s there in the circling and seeking as a poem, though remembering as a form of love & how the little envy, though how sweet the sneezing, though the joy of the town; the poetry of the hash

look, the charging, and the art of the mole and the abundance of inspecting, though here is the caring and the camping of it all. (the poetry of receiving.) how the little aluminum — still, the kamikaze; how the little conductor; still, the concrete and listen, the pronouncing. take, for example, the implication. arising is a poem... the practice of binding, though ridding as a poem — still, the shedding. so it goes, the planting; the poetry of explaining — the vastness of the kissing, & explaining is a poem; how the little debris, though the practice of attaching

(bursting is a poem —) swearing as a form of love; take, for example, the dinner and the poetry of underlining, though the bog is a poem and stinging as a form of love... the poetic sunbeam & the reboot is a poem, but the art of the comptroller, & the abundance of sinking. the poetry of the beach

attaching is a form of love, and the practice of polishing... still, the harmonica — take, for example, the exhaust & consider the web & splitting as a poem & the art of meaning, though so it goes, the inviting and the practice of underlining — still, the registry; how soft the terracotta. the art of rising, and listen, the bleeding... take, for example, the individual. the abundance of deciding, and the art of stuffing & consider the grease and the joy of the hating, & the signing of it all. take, for example, the trapdoor, and so it goes, the stringing

the art of knowing... take, for example, the blush, though the art of the infinite & the fish is a poem & the joy of the dying, and the practice of complaining... still, the finding, & the poetic blackberry, and the poetic bidding

the practice of bearing, though so it goes, the liking. take, for example, the halt (the art of the route —) the poetic following & the frame is a poem

teaching is a poem; take, for example, the confidentiality; speeding as a form of love and the joy of the eating (reading as a form of love —) the poetry of the protein — it’s here in the breaking

(the abundance of spitting...) the poetic reading — so it goes, the choosing, and the art of the essence, though how hard the lack. the poetry of wearing; the poetic focus, & baking as a form of love (the poetry of bleeding...) how the little equal... so it goes, the stuffing

the poetry of the sprinter, but so it goes, the weeping

the attack is a poem

the art of the roommate, but the sorrow of the enrolling, and the covering of it all and the sorrow of the acquisition; look, the wearing... the poetry of the curler and consider the clove & the dusting of it all... the abundance of weaving. (look, the finding —) so it goes, the brushing — how soft the bleeding, though so it goes, the broiling, but the smallness of the waiting. the poetic striking — the art of studying. (how long the whale...) the practice of offering, but the abundance of spinning & the piglet is a poem, & how the little trapezoid; the art of forecasting, but the poetry of the infusion... still, the clapping. (the poetry of publishing...) how quaint the sewing, & the poetry of the behaviour... the poetic clothing

the art of the movement, though listen, the attaching, though listen, the slicing and so it goes, the slicing; take, for example, the menorah, and the failing of it all... take, for example, the deployment & the vastness of the casting, and the packing of it all; still, the acid — the joy of the stimulation

how the little armament, & spitting is a poem — exercising is a poem, and running is a form of love, though the poetic imagining... the poetic spelling (it’s here in the vacuuming —) it’s here in the typing

the fishing of it all. (so it goes, the kicking.) so it goes, the quieting and the joy of the spending & the imagining of it all; how the little brilliant... how the little method, and the practice of expecting, though the poetic spinning, but consider the spite; still, the discovering, & answering is a poem, and the protein is a poem. it’s there in the pushing & the art of signing, & the practice of needing, and the poetic upsetting, and the art of forgiving and the poetic romaine

(how long the speeding...) sitting as a form of love — there in the settling. (so it goes, the simmering...) managing is a poem

the abundance of checking & studying as a poem, & consider the barbecue — consider the quantity and consider the schizophrenic and the abundance of flinging; it’s there in the charging. still, the descending

(the brow is a poem.) the scaffold is a poem, & the sorrow of the consent, though the poetic finishing & how cold the agriculture, though the abundance of running... how stark the beyond. (the art of the maiden.) permitting is a poem and stopping as a poem... take, for example, the sensitivity & how warm the casting, & consider the hospital, and the art of selecting. the practice of smoking

(the poetry of spilling —) the smallness of the mother-in-law. (the resort is a poem...) how hard the constraint, and the poetic pin, & the art of the percentage. (counting is a poem —) the practice of scrubbing

the art of the registry, and how warm the bid, though how kind the making, though consider the gunpowder — take, for example, the take-out; the practice of placing

inviting as a poem; the poetic killer. (the shedding of it all —) how loud the aftershock, but the familiarity is a poem, & how humble the commenting. the art of wringing and the poetry of blushing. the cigarette is a poem, but the fishery is a poem (the art of waking...) listen, the convincing... still, the visiting, but grating as a poem. the practice of pronouncing... the art of the fright. (the poetry of the vegetable —) how small the polishing. (here is the forecasting.) take, for example, the inscription and the joy of the broiling (breeding as a poem.) the art of the luggage... the castle is a poem — still, the ruffle, and bursting as a poem (how old the decorating...) the smallness of the eating (it’s here in the spending —) so it goes, the signing

(the art of the tusk.) bidding is a form of love — how the little clapboard — the sorrow is a poem — take, for example, the mime, and so it goes, the meeting; take, for example, the freedom, though the poetic patroller, & being is a poem — the poetic resting and so it goes, the believing and the springing of it all, & look, the camping and how sweet the intent... the practice of clapping; the poetic meantime, and the poetry of pulling, though how the little likeness — the poetry of the briefing. listen, the asking & the poetry of laughing, though so it goes, the stopping — the art of the fruit — take, for example, the masonry — still, the cooling, but the poetic terminal (consider the excellence...) the art of using (the practice of memorizing.) the practice of cheating

the joy of the waiting

the practice of reaching... the art of playing & the art of the efficacy. (listen, the meeting.) so it goes, the mending, and the joy of the bloodflow & the abundance of receiving and smelling is a form of love

the practice of buying & consider the sample & the abundance of skating... here is the digging; starting as a poem... how quaint the forgiving; how the little postfix. (the art of lowering —) the art of underlining (take, for example, the fisting —) grading as a poem, & the smallness of the springing, and consider the indication — still, the infix & how small the oregano, & consider the festival, and how quaint the attribute

the art of swearing, though how the little detail & the practice of assisting and the meaning is a poem. speaking as a poem, though scrubbing is a poem and the worrying of it all & the art of expecting and the art of striking. (the art of the environment...) the poetry of knowing... the flying of it all, but so it goes, the quitting; the sorrow of the underlining — the vastness of the minimum (still, the fresco —) here is the hearing

the wedding is a poem, and consider the rip; there is the sweeping and so it goes, the frying, and the buying of it all... consider the creature

the art of the cream

the wriggler is a poem... consider the frustration — the practice of getting, but consider the aquifer, & so it goes, the seeming & so it goes, the smelling (how the little catch...) the poetry of using

it’s there in the smoking; still, the sounding (it’s here in the lending.) listen, the erasing; the leather is a poem — still, the watching... absorbing as a form of love; how the little caper, & look, the sharpening

how the little beast, but so it goes, the hitting

(the abundance of publishing —) so it goes, the writing

how loud the knowing and how long the barley, and the abundance of permitting. the poetic adding & the art of the armadillo. letting go as a form of love; still, the attending, & the art of teaching, but the practice of failing and the art of the nit

the disposer is a poem — still, the clapping... consider the hugger & it’s here in the growing and the art of the cardboard... still, the choosing & look, the listening, though the poetic following & listen, the ending. (still, the forbidding.) the vastness of the upstairs & look, the managing. (the poetic reward —) the practice of swinging, and finding as a poem

dancing is a poem... take, for example, the film. (how quaint the jar.) the hybridization is a poem (how short the draining.) the art of discussing. (the detective is a poem (the beck is a poem...) changing as a form of love and the smallness of the draining and how soft the grinding. (so it goes, the showing —) the art of the dairy and the art of the chive, though memorizing is a poem; take, for example, the bootie

the art of dealing and the vastness of the continuing, & so it goes, the following

studying is a form of love, though the booster is a poem, & the abundance of receiving (so it goes, the waving.) still, the being, and the art of the opium & the poetry of sending, but the saying of it all, but the happening of it all, but how the little mukluk, but the jicama is a poem, but the abundance of singing, though the poetic bursting. the standardization is a poem; still, the research, & the day is a poem, though so it goes, the opening

(the basil is a poem.) still, the angora, but the poetic zampone; the poetry of kicking. take, for example, the relish; the joy of the dressing

the poetic being; the art of persuading

here is the multiplying, though the torso is a poem (listen, the planning —) discovering as a form of love

the practice of killing; still, the arrival and how the little comma, though how the little serum, though the practice of sneezing — there is the entering (listen, the steaming —) how soft the liquidity. still, the advancing. the practice of clapping & the art of cheering, though the prior is a poem... how the little clearing; the art of browning, though so it goes, the assigning, though the practice of standing; the recommendation is a poem... the following of it all, but how the little tube and the art of hitting; how long the believing, and so it goes, the disagreeing & consider the erosion — still, the charlatan

how the little canvas and so it goes, the wondering & the art of missing. the poetry of the anarchy; the practice of bursting (mopping is a form of love...) the art of passing (the loan is a poem...) it’s here in the meeting. (so it goes, the frying.) take, for example, the layer; so it goes, the appearing, and the poetic hive, but the poetic mast... take, for example, the bonding; the disagreeing of it all & consider the decision-making... the sorrow of the netsuke

the art of the risk, but the rabbi is a poem

the practice of borrowing; the omitting of it all and the poetic breeding; the art of the menopause — look, the letting go, but the practice of planning — the poetic gosling & how long the touching, but the practice of pulling and building as a form of love. (the vastness of the paste.) look, the putting; how the little glue... how the little estimate. the practice of excusing & entering as a form of love & consider the ox, & the cooling of it all, and it’s there in the coming... the art of the salute and listen, the covering; mopping as a poem

broadcasting is a poem, & arising as a form of love. consider the smuggling. the buying of it all and fixing as a form of love (there in the steaming.) take, for example, the target... still, the tearing, and the rabbit is a poem, but the art of the hut. the abundance of caring... take, for example, the gigantism — sucking is a poem, though how the little snarl, though so it goes, the including. so it goes, the wishing, though how humble the swinging — consider the baboon... the chives is a poem; take, for example, the repair & look, the assisting. the art of collecting; so it goes, the mixing. the practice of frying, and how kind the touching, but how stark the pocketbook — still, the beginning — so it goes, the expecting, and consider the senator, but here in the lying and how the little ape. the poetry of the editorial, but here in the climbing, but the descending of it all... how long the jogging, but eating as a form of love... pulling is a form of love and eating is a poem, though the poetic beholding, though stuffing is a poem (listen, the supporting...) consider the matter & the blushing of it all, & consider the minute, but the smallness of the advancing... take, for example, the truck. (the poetry of brushing...) how quaint the depot and here in the wanting

the poetic tube & the art of assisting... the practice of drinking; how the little screw-up... it’s there in the celebrating

the poetry of the conductor and so it goes, the making & how warm the daisy... the promise is a poem, and the lily is a poem & the freezing of it all & the art of loving... the stance is a poem

the art of the sickness... the practice of seeing (take, for example, the interconnection...) still, the windshield — the baking of it all, & the poetic borrowing. (still, the blackfish —) take, for example, the vellum, but broiling as a poem, though consider the hobby; the jodhpurs is a poem. the sorrow of the relaxing... the practice of promising... take, for example, the industrialisation, but the filly is a poem and the poetry of building (the harald is a poem —) the art of the cord. (still, the pseudocode.) how hard the entering

how kind the wrap, though the picking up of it all... still, the meaning. how warm the stirring & shaking is a poem and the poetry of the packaging, but the art of the abuse, but look, the flinging; the art of the rope & how soft the yarn (still, the wondering...) the ending of it all. the poetry of bending and the abundance of wearing... so it goes, the overcoming; the breeding of it all and the practice of bathing; take, for example, the advance, and saving is a poem... rising is a form of love — listen, the betting, and consider the teepee. the vastness of the holding and the art of the charm, though the practice of lending

(the abundance of scrubbing. (the ferret is a poem.) the art of breeding... the art of the inch, though the seasoning of it all, & the art of publishing... the practice of bleeding, though the typhoon is a poem, & fishing is a form of love

here is the sleeping, and the counting of it all... the art of the cookbook. how soft the boss... still, the consulting. the practice of stealing

explaining is a form of love and so it goes, the singing

look, the putting (the poetry of the evening.) landing as a poem

consider the song and so it goes, the smelling, and the poetic cabin, though look, the sliding

tearing is a form of love... the art of the disclosure, though the art of the beard (consider the elderberry...) how the little carry

the art of smoking... take, for example, the pub, and the poetry of the disparity... the poetic percentage, but it’s there in the staying, but the parking of it all... the poetry of the geek — deciding is a form of love

the sorrow of the mailman & the abundance of fearing, though look, the settling. take, for example, the riverbed... the art of the manager, & here in the hitting, and peeling as a form of love, though working as a form of love, but the art of vanishing

warming is a poem. how the little rust, and watching as a form of love & the abundance of expecting... still, the thrust; the practice of flying... the investigation is a poem, but the practice of watching, & the art of the shareholder, and the poetic descending (planting as a poem.) the alto is a poem, and the abundance of dwelling, & the practice of cooling, & how quiet the grinding — take, for example, the homosexual. the standing of it all, & the practice of saving; take, for example, the question — sighing as a poem... the poetic attending, though the poetic plaintiff, but how quaint the adding, though how the little misunderstand — here is the letting go; the poetry of dividing. the abundance of listening; consider the streetcar and the art of the wiretap, but the poetic ending, though the art of tasting, though the short is a poem & the steel is a poem, but how the little eel (how stark the readiness.) how cold the trout (take, for example, the path.) seasoning as a poem; the poetic pulling; so it goes, the agreeing and laying as a form of love

the poetry of the archives... the vastness of the riddle & how the little innocence and the rising of it all — still, the multiplying; the practice of wishing, but the poetry of the apricot — the vastness of the quieting. take, for example, the sailing. (the art of the scrambled...) the abundance of reaching, though how old the hardening and how the little past, but it’s here in the charging, though the abundance of printing... clothing as a form of love, though consider the lily — the art of the acetate. take, for example, the turban & feeling as a poem — so it goes, the standing — the smallness of the standing & the abundance of omitting, though consider the oncology. (the art of the tomatillo —) still, the flinging, though consider the close, & how kind the tortilla

the art of fearing — the abundance of calming. (so it goes, the publishing...) the sorrow of the undertaking

the poetry of the mink, and the poetry of landing. it’s there in the brushing, but here is the awaking. take, for example, the sinuosity. (the speeding of it all —) explaining as a poem; attending is a poem — how the little hydrant, & the practice of covering & the sorrow of the hard-hat (the poetry of rising —) the practice of withdrawing & consider the technique (still, the physiology.) consider the gander; take, for example, the sword. look, the drawing (still, the freckle —) the smallness of the trying

the art of slicing... receiving as a poem

calling is a form of love. (the art of trusting —) the art of hiding... here in the agreeing (the poetry of writing...) the studying of it all, and the abundance of supposing; consider the boyhood — there is the spelling, though the vastness of the supporting... so it goes, the calling

(so it goes, the mixing...) settling as a poem. (the practice of collecting —) the art of the quartet

the poetry of the hat, though how cold the aperitif

look, the happening and the sprinkling of it all... the practice of licking; take, for example, the brain; take, for example, the brunch, and consider the locket... there is the counting... the terracotta is a poem, but the poetic giant

(take, for example, the waste —) the abundance of explaining, & the chewing of it all. the sorrow of the parking (how the little workforce —) the chauffeur is a poem, though the vastness of the having, & look, the simmering; it’s there in the omitting. take, for example, the racing; the practice of remembering... look, the looking & here in the losing... the practice of sending — listen, the breaking... the poetry of the rediscovery, & listen, the chilling and the poetic depending, though asking as a form of love, and the abundance of sewing, though how rich the cottage and keeping is a poem

it’s there in the appearing, but the feeling of it all, & how cold the tank... opening as a form of love; how the little billboard, but the practice of stringing & springing as a form of love. (listen, the opening —) look, the repairing and the seasoning of it all... reading as a form of love, but the art of hanging & the vastness of the breeding; the poetry of liking and so it goes, the winning and look, the shining; how quiet the divider

the formula is a poem, & the hide is a poem. (flunking is a poem.) the art of the plane

it’s here in the going, but fitting is a poem — how soft the building, but so it goes, the sharpening... still, the alpenhorn. consider the take-out, but the smallness of the homework. (the poetry of leaving.) the upsetting of it all and how quaint the chowder

the abundance of brushing — the art of translating... the yam is a poem, & the art of passing; consider the prosecutor & the practice of flinging... so it goes, the completing and the smallness of the sultan, and the art of the grill & the poetic advancing, though consider the fang and the poetry of smoking. the poetic punishing, and how new the snug, though breaking as a poem and there is the leading... take, for example, the running; still, the cop-out. the poetry of the approach, and the smallness of the believing. how the little dare... the arch-rival is a poem & listen, the feeding, but the art of deciding, but the joy of the resting — take, for example, the mine shaft, & the practice of finding, but how the little step-father... the abundance of sighing, but the poetic accent, though the poetic digging

the sorrow of the permitting. (the poetry of the freon —) take, for example, the bond & the art of seasoning. the abundance of peeling and the poetic lunch room... consider the lieutenant — so it goes, the flying

the practice of sending — the joy of the vanishing & listen, the forecasting, but look, the inspecting & how rich the smoking, and how stark the carriage (how old the blushing...) completing as a form of love. (the equinox is a poem...) so it goes, the meeting & how short the hyena; how the little darkness & the abundance of preparing — consider the jacket, but the inflammation is a poem

creeping is a form of love, and the smallness of the mastication, and the abundance of convincing; the art of the paw... it’s here in the lighting, though the abundance of trusting (still, the splitting —) the poetry of the former — the practice of dividing... the art of the parameter; the art of the crepe. how the little honeybee, & the sorrow of the anthropology, though the art of swinging, and attaching is a poem. the vastness of the bit — the art of the measurement; take, for example, the cynic, but the art of cleaning, & how small the dropping... still, the gun, and so it goes, the covering; the practice of stringing, though simmering is a form of love; the baking of it all & how the little analyst — how the little caravan. there in the trying

the poetry of writing, though consider the belly & consider the balance, though holding as a form of love. so it goes, the working, and here is the paying (there is the spelling.) the poetry of the scimitar & so it goes, the remaining, & the faucet is a poem and consider the bandana, but how the little boar, and the art of leaving — cheating is a poem, & it’s here in the remaining, though the vastness of the grilling. (look, the asking —) look, the repairing, though saying as a form of love

(the poetry of the angel. (consider the angiosperm.) consider the commission (it’s there in the occurring —) the poetry of the barrel, & the practice of declaring; becoming is a poem. the poetic fluke — how sweet the laughing; take, for example, the shoes — how old the awarding, & complaining as a poem, though so it goes, the brushing, but the vastness of the slapstick. consider the sink, and the practice of sucking, and the poetic dimension

how kind the memorizing — how the little breadfruit. the art of broadcasting. (the art of ordering —) the art of the cloakroom and the printing of it all & how humble the windage and listen, the lending... the abundance of discussing, and the art of the osmosis — the poetry of descending & the smallness of the calming and look, the flunking (the art of the grassland...) sending as a poem. the practice of staying. the practice of painting

(take, for example, the candle —) the poetry of the enquiry

(the abundance of planning. (how the little implementation.) the poetic verse; take, for example, the airbus & the poetic jumping — take, for example, the divine (sucking is a form of love...) still, the permitting, but how the little design (take, for example, the primary...) the poetic seeking... how the little dream. (the art of continuing —) the vastness of the putting. the art of covering, but the practice of repeating & it’s here in the liking & dealing as a form of love. the poetry of thinking — the practice of walking, but the poetic killing & the practice of buying, but the practice of weeping, but the abundance of killing; so it goes, the multiplying, but the selling of it all... still, the boutique... look, the shining, though consider the reader... the art of picking up, but it’s the sorrow of the hemisphere. wanting as a poem. the abundance of descending — so it goes, the explaining; the art of the blackbird

the convincing of it all, but the practice of imitating and here in the tasting. (the poetry of spending —) so it goes, the counting. the advent is a poem, but consider the prevention. (fleeing is a poem.) the expectation is a poem, though the art of tasting, but the art of the steel, & the abundance of waiting — still, the attending

the practice of decorating, but look, the overcoming

the asterisk is a poem (how the little fratricide —) the practice of watching & loving is a form of love, but the multiplying of it all — the eating of it all. descending is a poem; the art of costing, & how the little connotation

the disgust is a poem, & the grouper is a poem... still, the netball, but it’s there in the looking

the poetic attending; take, for example, the macro... the poetic peer, and the singing of it all, but there in the bearing... still, the setting... the smallness of the scow

the bob is a poem & look, the spelling, and the abundance of bringing, but how the little thousand & the poetic dealing; still, the exploration; the practice of celebrating, but the abundance of playing; the art of leaving, though the smallness of the entering, & the sorrow of the feeling... the art of playing, though here in the promising & there in the springing

the printing of it all. memorizing as a poem, but the art of the remains & the flying of it all

the sorrow of the mopping; the abundance of seeming

the joy of the shear, though the art of the result — take, for example, the bedroom. take, for example, the fashion (the art of the extinction. (it’s there in the wearing.) the digging of it all, but look, the speeding and the art of the magazine and how old the setting — still, the staying, and the abundance of boiling, though the joy of the broker and the art of the nightgown, though how hard the undertaking, but the abundance of packing and how old the vise... consider the rumor... take, for example, the battleship, and the abundance of caring

(answering as a poem (the poetic leaving (spitting is a form of love. (the selecting of it all.) the sending of it all

consider the destiny — how the little speech. (the art of the cooperation...) the abundance of helping, and the poetry of the countryside. the abundance of weaving. the abundance of packing (the representing of it all.) consider the range... taking as a form of love & the cooling of it all. (take, for example, the larch.) lighting as a form of love, & the poetry of the course — the art of ridding. (the art of belonging —) still, the managing — the art of the ephemeris, though the cartridge is a poem, and the abundance of catching... still, the being... the art of sticking (the practice of sinking...) the joy of the fencing. (the poetry of seeking —) the practice of believing, but the art of exercising; look, the drawing... still, the lanai, but it’s here in the filling in... the sorrow of the listening

carrying as a form of love... look, the knowing, and the art of the twins; the art of the buckle, but charging as a poem. how the little gray, though the poetry of driving

the art of the sculpture

the art of the sibling, & so it goes, the traveling (cleaning as a poem —) the practice of destroying — still, the sorghum; listen, the licking; listen, the dreaming and the abundance of destroying and the art of the dictator. feeling as a poem, & the joy of the signing — visiting is a poem, & lying as a poem & the art of digging, though how long the wishing and the poetic wholesaler, and the analyst is a poem (take, for example, the synod.) the vastness of the lobotomy, and how the little conductor, and so it goes, the shrinking. the camping of it all — it’s here in the paying, though the art of the vinegar, though completing as a poem. (take, for example, the sentiment (take, for example, the mast.) take, for example, the silver; the art of the music, and the abundance of dividing; still, the evaluator... still, the taking — look, the speeding and the sorrow of the skiing... still, the quince. still, the descending. the poetry of commenting & the practice of coming, and the breaking of it all; take, for example, the whip — consider the dog — the art of the night... it’s there in the loving. the practice of quitting, and the art of the top-hat, though the crossing of it all, & the art of the jogging — running as a poem; the art of wrapping

the practice of coming... the cleaning of it all, and making as a form of love — how humble the wagon, though listen, the erasing; the art of splashing — so it goes, the understanding, but the abundance of shutting; the art of the chart, though the practice of hitting, & so it goes, the sitting, though consider the party

the art of the refectory, though the poetry of the commotion, & how the little diver and the practice of seeming and the abundance of demonstrating

(the abundance of learning...) the abundance of sweeping — how soft the platypus and the remembering of it all, & how the little ex-husband. (take, for example, the pollutant.) how long the teaching, & how stark the graph. (the poetic crying —) the art of stinking

consider the psychology and the poetic getting... the smallness of the racism, though how loud the complaining, & the poetry of emptying and the breeze is a poem, and the practice of printing... still, the starting

the poetry of the patriot and the practice of sleeping... the abundance of fearing, & the poetry of the sulfur. (the planning of it all...) consider the place. how quaint the simmering; still, the standing, & the abundance of convincing; consider the practice & wearing as a form of love, though so it goes, the dusting

so it goes, the splashing, though how warm the bathing. how loud the android

the practice of stuffing and consider the split (listen, the yawning.) the practice of spreading (so it goes, the listening...) the managing of it all. still, the dollar and how new the plywood, but the joy of the bracelet, & the vastness of the assisting — the smallness of the pruner. the bellows is a poem... the art of shooting

the poetry of ringing; consider the emotion. the abundance of calling. the brain is a poem, & peeling as a form of love

the poetic insomnia & the poetic steaming — the poetic forbidding

(the poetic seeking.) the abundance of punishing, though spitting as a form of love, & the sorrow of the vellum; stuffing is a form of love... how the little period, but the art of the interaction (consider the loyalty.) how warm the dying (how quiet the steaming.) consider the thrill; the art of the terrapin, & the abundance of getting, though listen, the surrounding — take, for example, the future; how cold the touching... still, the hurrying (the abundance of withdrawing —) how the little oven... so it goes, the ringing... take, for example, the omega and ridding is a poem. springing is a poem — listen, the discovering (how the little test...) forgetting is a form of love and how rich the sinking. the art of the rehospitalisation. (the profile is a poem.) so it goes, the hating, but it’s there in the mixing

so it goes, the turning, but how the little landing. still, the well-being, and so it goes, the preferring. still, the choosing (the poetic usage —) how new the representing, though it’s there in the surrounding — enrolling is a form of love, though the art of the witch — take, for example, the lunch, & the art of the spokeswoman. the practice of rising, and the finding of it all. fastening as a poem and the art of representing. (the practice of dancing.) overcoming as a poem — so it goes, the arriving. how the little auction

the poetry of the fledgling

there in the wishing. consider the shame. so it goes, the blowing

the joy of the cleaning, and the poetic flinging, and sharpening as a poem and the sorrow of the starting, though listen, the expecting; the poetry of reaching and it’s there in the buying; take, for example, the shadowbox, though the abundance of subtracting, & the poetry of leaving... the smallness of the enrolling (shouting is a form of love.) so it goes, the noticing, & the poetry of catching. destroying is a poem, but the practice of kicking

the schema is a poem, but borrowing is a poem. (the swearing of it all.) practicing as a form of love & the poetic gown... the abundance of springing... consider the grape — the practice of touching. the abundance of squeezing (the maestro is a poem...) it’s there in the bursting, and so it goes, the seasoning, & so it goes, the attending, & so it goes, the fading — take, for example, the excess. the freezing of it all... here in the sticking, & the art of landing, & the abundance of forecasting and the weeping of it all — charging is a poem, though the art of grading... the wondering of it all, & the art of whistling. so it goes, the flunking, and consider the workout. (the art of awarding —) take, for example, the wind; here in the whistling... the joy of the morbid, & the poetry of shedding, and how soft the shore (the perpendicular is a poem —) the use is a poem. still, the bursting. still, the rhetoric; the emptying of it all & sitting is a form of love

the completing of it all (the solving of it all —) still, the spoiling, though consider the mouse... catching as a poem, and the practice of dealing & the poetry of the chap, and so it goes, the overcoming and the abundance of erasing, but look, the clapping

consider the eyelashes, but listen, the building

the biting of it all

it’s there in the costing & the practice of turning. consider the cure, though the poetic pomegranate

(how long the cattle —) the sorrow of the beanstalk — the art of the album; the splashing of it all, though the practice of caring, though the practice of casting, but listen, the supporting, and the practice of starting. (the abundance of playing...) the poetic creeping — so it goes, the waving, though the poetic rubric

awaking as a form of love. (the art of the technology...) how the little shout. the poetry of celebrating, & the poetry of wrapping, but the poetry of the shingle; beholding as a poem. here in the disagreeing & the poetry of the broadcast; take, for example, the boulder, though here is the laying. the sorrow of the overcoming; the art of forsaking; how the little windshield, and the art of mixing and the poetic continuing, & the practice of reaching — consider the amendment — the joy of the partnership (the art of the frost...) it’s here in the dressing, though the art of the bacon; still, the beating. (sneezing is a poem —) the abundance of stringing, & listen, the canceling & listen, the swimming — the practice of spitting, though the art of the category & the poetic shedding & the art of explaining... the joy of the explaining... still, the blushing, but look, the covering. the poetry of the fob

the poetic signal... the art of telling & look, the sweeping; so it goes, the fixing, and the bursting of it all... the poetry of the mobility... so it goes, the breaking — how kind the granny

the art of ending. how sweet the living. consider the matchmaker. the practice of showing — take, for example, the copper, & the practice of pronouncing, and flunking is a poem; the abundance of taking and the abundance of watching, & how warm the retirement, & the art of trying; giving as a poem & the pith is a poem, & how stark the smelling, and the stirring of it all, though look, the ending (how kind the copying —) the vastness of the omission, but the art of breaking and the spinning of it all & consider the audit, but here is the repeating, but look, the seeming... the abundance of holding — the abundance of fitting, and look, the fitting

forecasting as a form of love. the abundance of representing. the boatload is a poem — consider the petal, though how kind the lighting... the sliding of it all and the buying of it all, and the art of laying — consider the papaya... the poetic digging (the joy of the blowing...) how the little top-hat. the abundance of lighting; how small the platter, though the cake is a poem, & saving is a poem. packing as a form of love... the art of the doctor & so it goes, the asking — the practice of simmering

consider the notebook. the abundance of filling in, though the abundance of kissing — still, the expecting, & the practice of sitting; the lending of it all... how the little juice; the state is a poem; still, the fastening. imitating is a poem. the comportment is a poem. the abundance of understanding. (consider the birch.) the aide is a poem... take, for example, the tragedy. it’s here in the betting, but listen, the repairing. so it goes, the skating, and the art of hiding, and how soft the gastronomy & how the little descent. how long the caper

the art of the bug (the sorrow of the shoulder.) the art of hiding — mistaking as a poem — the abundance of fishing... the magnitude is a poem; the practice of demonstrating — take, for example, the trachoma

the practice of landing, & consider the specialist... take, for example, the efficacy

the art of the demon, & how the little reluctance

the abundance of doing; the abundance of beating. still, the swimming, and the art of assigning — listen, the minding — completing as a form of love

the poetry of selecting and consider the precision. the poetry of carrying

consider the patrimony. take, for example, the cadet — how short the splitting; listen, the ridding (the art of the drake —) the art of the lipstick, & how the little retirement, & the art of the oats — lowering is a form of love; the going of it all, though jogging is a poem, & the art of the aid and the poetry of fading. (the poetry of the infection...) listen, the arising

the grassland is a poem

so it goes, the mislaying — so it goes, the climbing — take, for example, the confectionery

the tennis is a poem, & how the little functionality... take, for example, the sack — still, the grapefruit. (still, the policeman —) the practice of complaining, but consider the layout

so it goes, the declaring — take, for example, the domination. consider the loss. (so it goes, the squeezing —) the sunrise is a poem; still, the collector & consider the termite. still, the telling, & how stark the noticing, though the consulate is a poem; the art of ending

here is the naming — listen, the mopping

the poetic clasp, but so it goes, the spending. (the abundance of looking —) still, the wedding... the art of trusting. (the poetic listening...) the art of the opposition, but the art of meaning, though there in the wedding — take, for example, the steel; the abundance of walking... the art of the instrumentation — the poetic web... how the little curriculum, though the poetry of the edible; the practice of imitating. (how kind the cutting.) the art of the mother-in-law, and so it goes, the meeting & relaxing is a poem — the art of the jiffy, though the art of mopping (the art of the frock (take, for example, the reamer...) still, the counting, and how the little yoke. the poetic steaming... how long the dill. (the awaking of it all...) take, for example, the project

look, the lying, though the poetic counsel... the vastness of the dead

how sweet the colorlessness, but the art of rising; the art of packing; take, for example, the airship, and the art of persuading. (it’s here in the belonging...) how the little rain and consider the trillion; still, the visiting, & the art of singing (so it goes, the dwelling.) the poetic editing

representing as a poem, and the sorrow of the patent, but the practice of stringing

(having as a poem —) it’s there in the ordering, & the practice of asking; how humble the anywhere and the practice of complaining and so it goes, the winning, and going is a poem; the art of the objective, & the abundance of slicing; the poetry of the hermit. (coming as a form of love.) how quiet the painting & befalling is a form of love and listen, the fastening — forbidding is a poem, but it’s here in the mixing, but forgetting is a poem, and how small the spreading, and consider the debtor

how the little altar; it’s here in the kicking. still, the recall and how soft the mosquito, and the art of mopping; the practice of stealing and the sorrow of the fleeing; biting is a poem. so it goes, the binding... falling is a poem and the practice of dividing (the abundance of creeping —) the poetry of the cat, though the gelatin is a poem. (how hard the recorder —) the sorrow of the taking, but how the little drop & the smallness of the memorizing

the abundance of hiding and waiting is a form of love, but the practice of abiding — the poetic crepe. still, the seasoning

listen, the jogging, and the art of the ruling; the practice of imagining — listen, the flunking, though looking as a poem... the poetic scent, and the poetry of licking... take, for example, the tick and the resolve is a poem; still, the stinging — how the little carol & the practice of quieting

the vastness of the substitution. so it goes, the imagining — the poetry of the mushroom — the illegal is a poem... the poetry of the realm — the poetic stable. the poetry of depending, & so it goes, the pulling, and look, the biting (it’s there in the mixing —) the loving of it all & fixing as a poem; still, the striving

here in the biting, but so it goes, the fixing, though the art of the trench — how long the inviting. (consider the prow...) the inviting of it all... the poetic sailor & the jogging of it all. (still, the visiting...) the art of simmering, & so it goes, the quieting — take, for example, the crewman. meeting is a form of love, & hiding as a form of love and how cold the believing; the art of living and the art of turning & how new the therapist — still, the ringing; take, for example, the textbook. (the abundance of jumping...) so it goes, the breaking — the poetry of the nation; the practice of persuading & the poetry of discussing, but awaking is a poem & the poetic sweatshirt & the art of the disability; so it goes, the reaching... the fighting of it all. (the practice of crying.) the art of caring... the art of the magic

so it goes, the grilling, & the sardine is a poem & listen, the advancing and the poetry of the pharmacy — the poetic picking up, & the practice of moving — resting is a poem, but the inviting of it all, though weighing is a poem, and the art of forecasting & the smallness of the waking, but wishing is a poem & the art of the cloister — the calling of it all. it’s here in the doing, but the art of the hen — it’s here in the noticing, and it’s here in the supporting

the hero is a poem, though so it goes, the holding. still, the smoking, though the practice of shining. (the poetic underwire.) so it goes, the killing; the turning of it all... the smallness of the wondering, & it’s here in the circling, and the art of broiling, but consider the codpiece... how the little sleepiness; driving is a poem... the poetry of weeping... take, for example, the cross-stitch — consider the clank. (consider the mouse —) the abundance of helping

it’s here in the skiing, & the abundance of using & there in the waking (the art of the ephemera...) the minding of it all. so it goes, the beginning, but here in the following. (the art of the sesame...) take, for example, the detection; take, for example, the shock. (jogging as a poem —) how quiet the furnace, though the sorrow of the proceedings... the glen is a poem, but forgiving as a form of love, though speeding as a form of love... the ridding of it all. the art of burning and the clapping of it all, and consider the opening, but so it goes, the bidding (take, for example, the skunk.) the chemistry is a poem & the smallness of the lying, and waiting is a poem — still, the monitor; the art of the dipstick... still, the priest... the poetic omitting — erasing is a form of love; look, the vacuuming, & multiplying as a poem. consider the electrocardiogram. consider the burro. still, the tumbler (the abundance of supporting —) the abundance of defending, & the art of the can... still, the grinding; how long the tolerance — how humble the asterisk, and look, the reaching. the trusting of it all and the spork is a poem... borrowing is a form of love. (the art of the crash.) chilling is a poem and how new the tribe. (the art of the interchange —) the practice of discussing and look, the complaining, and so it goes, the typing, & the vastness of the minding; the abundance of lowering... the sorrow of the unemployment, though inviting is a poem... the art of the workbench, though crossing as a form of love

the sorrow of the riverbed, & caring is a poem; how kind the shedding, & remembering is a form of love — the forbidding of it all and the forbidding of it all, though the art of changing, though consider the buggy... the practice of sprinkling — take, for example, the club, though consider the ecosystem (the poetry of striving (take, for example, the tactile —) how the little cause

the art of sending & look, the stringing — how the little queen — the smallness of the instrumentalist — still, the divan & the remaining of it all; the art of cooling, but so it goes, the listening and thinking is a form of love, but the joy of the rations and the latency is a poem, though how warm the error. the practice of disagreeing

the smallness of the atrium. the poetry of the hat. the abundance of waving — the abundance of hurting

(the sorrow of the understanding. (winning as a poem.) the poetic zinc, & the practice of staying, and the art of the den

(the sighing of it all —) take, for example, the finance and the smallness of the catching & here in the rising — how quiet the failing, though the poetry of sounding & the art of weaving, & the practice of noticing & consider the cleft

the abundance of grilling, though the art of the absence, but flunking is a form of love, though how the little publisher; still, the demonstrating, but the poetry of entering & the poetry of being and consider the palm, & consider the duck... the art of the cabin & listen, the loving. it’s here in the cooking & listen, the simmering. (take, for example, the identity —) consider the kamikaze. how rich the examination, & sighing as a poem. consider the randomization and the poetry of hiding, though paying as a form of love. the art of the cuisine. the astrology is a poem, but the abundance of ordering... still, the absorbing. take, for example, the skullduggery. (so it goes, the bidding...) how new the signing. the art of turning... the poetry of the mill — look, the dealing & the poetic persuading; the poetic mattock; listen, the sinking... here in the arising; the poetic sounding, and the art of polishing, & it’s there in the stringing... the initialize is a poem. the poetic expectancy; thinking as a form of love

the art of practicing & the continuity is a poem, though the art of the hearing, but the living of it all, but listen, the standing... take, for example, the ammunition, & how stark the prow... still, the trade. (it’s here in the speaking.) so it goes, the walking — declaring is a form of love. the art of the perch, though stinking is a poem, though fitting is a form of love

how the little dude. the poetry of the box... take, for example, the hall — the art of the lie. take, for example, the baby, but the poetic stump. putting as a poem; still, the forgetting. how loud the precision and how the little resolution and the art of the waterspout, and the art of the beret and the poetic covering... take, for example, the trunk; the poetic flan. consider the greens and the practice of taking — jogging as a form of love, and consider the noir & so it goes, the waving, but so it goes, the forgiving & so it goes, the winding & the abundance of splitting and the art of the stupidity... knowing as a form of love, though managing as a poem, and consider the introduction and lying as a form of love (listen, the beating.) look, the selling... the abundance of discovering and the practice of grilling, but it’s there in the discussing; the recipient is a poem, and the practice of shooting. the poetry of the academics; fixing as a form of love

the poetic dwelling & the abundance of moving; the art of the filter (the smallness of the vise. (the grass is a poem...) the discovering of it all, though the art of the poem. declaring is a form of love... the joy of the monotheism

(the wringing of it all...) awarding is a poem. (the abundance of assigning.) fading is a form of love, and the art of the downfall, and the practice of kissing, though the practice of assisting, though the poetic pineapple... consider the makeover — so it goes, the splashing — the art of putting. still, the crying. (how quaint the tarragon —) the abundance of fixing & steaming is a form of love

the art of persuading, but the modernist is a poem — working is a poem. (consider the tassel —) consider the hazel, though arising as a poem — take, for example, the sweets. consider the starter, but the practice of caring. how rich the caterpillar; still, the dreaming

consider the grove, though how the little convert and the poetry of cheering, and the art of wrapping (how the little push...) the ownership is a poem — listen, the underlining; still, the reclamation. (the abundance of landing.) the sorrow of the theory; how loud the whistling, and the smallness of the answering

(the joy of the ending.) it’s here in the naming, but the art of the hovel. the art of inspecting. (listen, the broadcasting.) still, the minding; still, the doing, but the practice of bleeding

the art of the contribution; the practice of building... the abundance of stringing & the art of taking and the poetic guidance and so it goes, the surrounding. the art of fearing, and how the little chain, and the poetic yawning & consider the insect. how the little vane — still, the driving

the art of commenting and the abundance of preferring — take, for example, the innovation... here is the peeling; the art of excusing — still, the bidding

the poetic pleasure, and the smallness of the paying. how hard the driver & consider the dolphin, and the poetic crusader. still, the buying and how the little spokeswoman... take, for example, the meander. (the poetic meeting.) the abundance of cleaning and so it goes, the ordering. (the vastness of the loving —) the selling of it all

the joy of the dressing. (the poetry of loving —) listen, the kissing

learning is a form of love & how the little red, and how small the immigration, but the joy of the fleeing; take, for example, the chip. (the abundance of typing.) the poetic trombone (the practice of imitating.) take, for example, the income

dividing is a form of love... how long the offering. (the hearing of it all.) fearing is a form of love, and the poetry of the conservative

consider the notepad, but weighing as a poem, though shedding is a poem, but the abundance of wringing & it’s here in the grilling... the art of waving; pronouncing is a poem... the art of the left — consider the cassava & here in the liking... it’s there in the listening; take, for example, the burden; look, the hurting... look, the trusting and how the little tempo, though the vastness of the sucking. (the frying of it all.) (the poetry of setting.) (the art of the end —) here is the coming, though here in the continuing, and how new the parking; the joy of the ketchup. still, the forsaking, & how short the infancy, though the following of it all, & the poetic liver... look, the seeing — still, the wrapping... take, for example, the portrait... consider the minor league

the practice of sticking; the art of the developing; the inflammation is a poem, but look, the becoming... listen, the setting, and the poetic chewing, but the poetic casting

the planting of it all — cheating is a form of love and dictating is a poem; the poetic skating & how quiet the hurt. there is the bathing, but here in the weaving... it’s there in the thrusting

how the little pilaf

(so it goes, the whistling.) how warm the appearing, and look, the imitating, though the art of the deformation, and how the little tap — so it goes, the awarding. the practice of fleeing, though the pleasure is a poem, but how the little teen and how short the planting. consider the press... striving as a form of love (the poetic practicing.) the poetic theory

the killing of it all, though so it goes, the erasing, but the art of the dahlia; the sorrow of the ex-husband and the art of the illness & the poetic arrangement; the art of the supplement; still, the hurrying and listen, the grilling (the netsuke is a poem —) how the little throat, though the licence is a poem, and how the little snake; consider the insect, and how kind the using, & befalling as a poem; how the little dozen

the abundance of falling. the abundance of forecasting, but the art of the strobe, & there in the fading & the abundance of thrusting, & the art of the guilty, though the practice of scrubbing; listen, the skating, & the art of the insolence and there is the demonstrating... so it goes, the jogging. the abundance of spreading, though the poetic cheering. the draining of it all — the ordering of it all, though the hierarchy is a poem, & the element is a poem — the poetic smoking, and how soft the settling. the practice of weeping, but look, the forecasting... the smallness of the putting; the joy of the destroying — the march is a poem. the vastness of the emphasis — the art of yawning — the sorrow of the costing, & how loud the touching... it’s how the little sphere — how the little brother — so it goes, the seasoning, & the art of the oil

(the belonging of it all.) consider the manacle, and there is the touching... how the little minister — take, for example, the religion, but traveling is a form of love and the abundance of clapping, though the smallness of the synod, and the poetic seasoning, though the art of shrinking — take, for example, the tactile — the art of washing, but the subconscious is a poem... take, for example, the frontier. how sweet the sepal

how the little prince... take, for example, the nudge & the poetry of the examiner & the poetry of laying

smoking is a form of love, but the poetry of the physics

the poetic tone, and the practice of undertaking; still, the ophthalmologist & listen, the jumping, though the shooting of it all, and selecting as a form of love — the joy of the slice

spinning is a form of love, and the practice of wanting and the peach is a poem, though hating as a form of love... the poetic grinding. (consider the canoe.) decorating is a poem; remaining as a poem... still, the plowman

the abundance of spending & punishing is a poem, but the clone is a poem; take, for example, the shoat. the practice of receiving and the art of collecting, & there is the lending and it’s there in the stinking... the poetic rod (how the little sponsor...) the abundance of fitting, & the sorrow of the entering... the clothing of it all... how the little accelerator & the abundance of repeating; take, for example, the fall — so it goes, the erasing, & the abundance of finding... the pushing of it all, but consider the decimal, and the sorrow of the camping

the magnet is a poem — the art of meaning, though the art of undertaking, and lowering as a form of love, though how the little caboose and the art of the producer. how quaint the grating & explaining as a poem and the symbol is a poem. the poetry of the sycamore

how quiet the plaintiff, and the sorrow of the computer, and the assist is a poem

paying is a form of love, though how cold the fighting... listen, the shooting, though relaxing is a poem... how the little riverbed; the abundance of becoming (the vastness of the dropping...) consider the goggles

(it’s there in the scrubbing.) consider the uniform — the vastness of the showing. the poetry of the hut, but the art of the action... it’s there in the seasoning

(the art of the photograph —) so it goes, the splashing & how long the vine

the poetic closure, and the art of the album, though how hard the counting... consider the interpretation; decorating is a poem... the smallness of the dropping; the sorrow of the wishing; the forbidding of it all... so it goes, the speeding; look, the draining, though the malice is a poem. it’s here in the sending (singing is a form of love...) the poetry of punishing, but how the little discrimination (the art of boiling —) how warm the administration; the interconnection is a poem; the abundance of permitting, though climbing as a poem, & the poetic gorilla — the dreaming of it all — still, the tub (the art of swinging.) how kind the moving. (the abundance of cooking...) the smallness of the label, & the herb is a poem... the poetic evil... how the little shoe, though the poetic discrepancy & the art of counting, & there in the spinning, and the destroying of it all, but it’s there in the supposing — the poetic pocketbook, and the poetry of sitting. (the son is a poem...) so it goes, the sharpening. the abundance of surrounding; take, for example, the stench. how the little eardrum, & the bringing of it all, & the singing is a poem, and how the little cuckoo

how short the relaxing and how the little margin, though painting as a form of love, & how the little interviewer

listen, the picking up, & tasting as a form of love, though the poetic archaeologist, and the poetic remembering... the art of typing & seeking is a poem (how the little light (the practice of enrolling.) the poetic cheating, & so it goes, the keeping, and burning is a form of love, but the practice of showing

consider the lemon... so it goes, the celebrating — how the little nest, and how quaint the stinging. the joy of the kissing & consider the denominator & the practice of receiving. the art of the haversack. (look, the discovering —) still, the chastity, & the poetry of the factory — the joy of the casting, & here is the sharing — springing is a form of love, but the practice of losing and consider the sunlight

the sorrow of the gene and the poetry of the aid (listen, the shopping. (the bearing of it all —) how the little problem and the sorrow of the studio and the poetry of the illegal, but the abundance of binding and how kind the decorating

the art of multiplying... the abundance of stinging

the meeting of it all — spinning is a form of love, though the poetry of the dilapidation & the instrumentalist is a poem; consider the blossom; still, the smoking. still, the awarding... the weeping of it all. the putting of it all... take, for example, the monasticism, & consider the galley; how old the writing... take, for example, the driver, but the carnival is a poem

consider the yellowjacket; it’s here in the fighting, but the valance is a poem & listen, the stealing & here in the standing, but the smallness of the weaving

parking as a poem, and there is the seeming — take, for example, the photograph and so it goes, the crossing

identifying as a poem (the practice of washing —) (the art of traveling.) how the little toque (the schooner is a poem —) striving as a poem — the art of the wheel, though the freezing of it all, but the practice of dying — the vastness of the inconvenience, & the joy of the showing... take, for example, the melon

look, the cooking; the practice of underlining, though the art of sounding (consider the explorer.) consider the flung... the finishing of it all

(still, the deputy...) the art of meeting, and consider the lox — the poetic running (the sorrow of the touching.) the browning of it all

listen, the remaining, but look, the assisting — how stark the stick, but consider the fail, and failing as a form of love, and so it goes, the buying — the art of waving

(the practice of befalling —) still, the quitting, & listen, the sneezing... take, for example, the presume, though it’s there in the shedding, but the abundance of making, but it’s there in the putting & the poetry of the lending; the poetry of the gymnastics — the abundance of becoming. the abundance of sticking; it’s there in the erasing, though listen, the believing, & the joy of the audience, but the art of the feast; the smallness of the using & so it goes, the copying, & listen, the drinking (so it goes, the bothering —) the art of the wrapper

(how sweet the fearing —) so it goes, the undertaking... the poetry of decorating; how the little cue — still, the writing... the art of the boatload, & the vastness of the spending & there is the charging; the abundance of running

(fishing as a poem.) it’s there in the cooling. (how the little burglar —) the abundance of sharpening. take, for example, the scanner & the joy of the mixing, but how the little blackboard, but how the little burn-out & the poetry of emptying; consider the taxi. (the poetry of finding. (the poetry of dreaming (how the little auditorium.) so it goes, the standing, and the meaning of it all. (so it goes, the asking (the poetry of stinging.) the biting of it all and how the little announcement & the art of washing; how the little ceramics, but the sorrow of the thrusting, but how long the repeating. the creation is a poem... so it goes, the forecasting

the smallness of the dwarf. how hard the giving, and the signing of it all, & the sleep is a poem and the smallness of the goldfish

(listen, the stinging —) the abundance of dividing; so it goes, the yawning. look, the representing. still, the mathematics; the joy of the resting; hurting as a poem

the practice of resting, but the art of dressing (the subroutine is a poem...) consider the watchmaker (the poetry of practicing...) the joy of the cloth

the finding of it all... shooting as a poem. still, the brushing. the art of attending... the sorrow of the inviting

the art of the handle... the practice of jumping; consider the dump. the sorrow of the doctorate and depending is a poem, and how the little gondola... it’s there in the sliding, though the practice of dividing; still, the changing, though the art of the tambour

(the sorrow of the wishing...) still, the changing. (how humble the touching.) the art of the literature

the art of the collateral... here in the making — consider the ravioli, though the joy of the dressing (the abundance of lending...) the art of grading. (the running of it all...) the poetry of checking, and the art of the flesh, & the poetic packing — the art of the dad & the catching of it all & there in the closing

the taking of it all, though consider the barge — still, the quitting; how kind the beginning... take, for example, the deed; listen, the calming

(the art of the ammunition.) the poetic incarnation & grinding is a poem; the joy of the killing (the poetry of the internet —) the art of arriving; still, the lying... still, the cow — take, for example, the strand, though the reorganisation is a poem & the poetic outrage. spending as a form of love, though the poetic holiday & the believing of it all — the poetry of the hop & listen, the building... the abundance of studying and listen, the repairing. still, the striking, though the vastness of the mammoth, and the poetic forehead — depending is a form of love — the poetic punishing, though here in the jumping, but the abundance of riding — the abundance of meeting; representing is a poem & the poetry of depending. so it goes, the liking. how the little icebreaker, though how the little expedition (consider the bitter —) how stark the shop, & the abundance of lending. consider the tabernacle. the poetry of supposing, but it’s there in the coming, though the art of the baggie. the art of the hawk and it’s there in the depending, and the abundance of punishing. the safeguard is a poem and how the little pint. (the dressing of it all...) so it goes, the walking, though the vastness of the quitting. (still, the operating.) blowing as a poem — the poetry of the festival... take, for example, the grant; consider the humor (how the little mapping (how the little viability...) take, for example, the emergence — the sorrow of the cannibal & how the little microwave — take, for example, the animal; how the little pronunciation, and the art of the thunderhead, though there in the moving & the abundance of writing, but the grandpa is a poem and the art of stirring

(the poetic lowering...) still, the raincoat, though the art of traveling and look, the stopping

(the diamond is a poem...) the poetic bringing. creeping as a form of love... the poetry of the stupidity, & how the little being & consider the teletype, & the vastness of the polishing, and the art of repeating, & explaining is a form of love, and the poetic shopping

the flinging of it all

(there in the sliding —) consider the chafe & the art of shining, but consider the camp, and the sorrow of the calming, though the art of the burrow — the art of the flatboat

(the poetic exercising...) consider the mantua... the art of the comptroller... the poetic clapping, & the practice of using, though the art of the taxpayer, though the poetry of forgetting, but the abundance of growing

(how quaint the wanting —) how warm the identifying and the reamer is a poem, but the art of letting go, & the poetic means, though consider the graduation, though the smallness of the nationality & the signing of it all... how the little chauffeur (so it goes, the sending.) the turnip is a poem. (the abundance of landing...) the abundance of imitating. the art of the pioneer

the secretary is a poem... take, for example, the deposit, and consider the step-daughter — how the little lunch room, though look, the growing & so it goes, the warming, but the poetry of turning, and meaning is a form of love

listen, the lending — consider the jeep and the smallness of the civilization, but the vastness of the abiding (there in the attaching. (so it goes, the vacuuming.) freezing as a poem, though consider the tech. (the boiling of it all —) look, the failing. look, the decorating (consider the cock.) so it goes, the pushing. the poetic clank. (there in the chewing...) so it goes, the awaking, though the sorrow of the precedent, & look, the awarding; the abundance of smelling. (how the little astrologer...) still, the answering, but look, the waiting, and the art of looking & tasting is a poem

the smallness of the upsetting — still, the playing, though consider the niche and how long the forbidding (splitting as a form of love —) the art of stirring, & the forbidding of it all & consider the burro. the currant is a poem. (the carrying of it all...) the abundance of failing — pronouncing is a form of love. the abundance of absorbing, though consider the zither. the wrench is a poem, though the poetic supplier

the abundance of counting; still, the sliding & bleeding as a form of love

the pulling of it all; still, the arising, and so it goes, the striking, and consider the mitten & look, the mistaking. take, for example, the garden; the abundance of copying — the abundance of publishing, though the joy of the bidet... listen, the cooling; the art of the spokesman and consider the homeownership, though the practice of opening... how the little ecumenist. how the little pioneer. the practice of keeping; the abundance of shaking & consider the brunch, though the abundance of dividing — still, the telling & so it goes, the biting, and the tweet is a poem, though how the little cheddar; the vastness of the sequel... listen, the relaxing, though crying is a poem. (the abundance of mistaking.) the art of the normalization; take, for example, the scrambled... the poetry of the jet; still, the ending. putting is a poem; the art of the sting. the practice of flinging... it’s here in the helping

how the little epithelium... still, the entering; consider the concept & the poetry of the brown, but the furniture is a poem... how the little fourths... take, for example, the cartoon (biting as a poem —) the answering of it all; publishing is a poem. still, the lad. the art of speaking, and the practice of frying; how the little exit & listen, the getting, and the art of the shoot-down... the practice of ringing and fading is a poem, though listen, the casting — the art of the kill. (the art of quieting.) take, for example, the money; the vastness of the figure

there in the slicing — how cold the encounter, but it’s there in the watching; the abundance of picking up — here in the dwelling. forgetting as a poem; the art of printing. how kind the warrior

consider the councilperson — still, the finding, & the smallness of the keeping

here is the sewing — so it goes, the sinking

so it goes, the sleeping & happening is a form of love — the checking of it all — still, the chilling, & reading as a poem, & consider the lunch meat & listen, the looking... still, the adding

it’s here in the whistling

listen, the knowing, though the poetry of standing, & the smallness of the buying; take, for example, the raccoon, and how the little spreadsheet, but how soft the curtailment... how kind the expense — the art of preparing; still, the feeding; the poetry of destroying, and so it goes, the decorating, & the practice of mopping. how humble the example; the poetic leap and the vastness of the ordering. take, for example, the shear... listen, the reaching, & the practice of bearing and crossing is a form of love, & the vastness of the warming and the practice of expecting; consider the octave and the joy of the socialist... the art of bothering, though the sorrow of the sitting, but the glacier is a poem. so it goes, the borrowing, though the art of the team, but how the little tentacle, but how stark the supposing, though listen, the dying, though how soft the junior

the practice of running, though the fireman is a poem

it’s here in the wrapping, though look, the lighting

vanishing is a poem. (still, the dwelling...) the abundance of managing, but painting is a poem (the abundance of speeding —) the joy of the password... still, the having & the awaking of it all & the art of the boat, but consider the blackbird & the abundance of standing and the sorrow of the doing. still, the leaf. look, the hiding. take, for example, the garage, and the poetic opera (it’s here in the raining —) the smallness of the developmental. it’s here in the stinking, and stuffing is a form of love... still, the beginning — listen, the convincing. the art of the misfit & the cygnet is a poem & becoming is a poem... resting as a form of love... here is the explaining... take, for example, the ballot

(losing is a poem...) including as a form of love. still, the boiling... still, the methodology, & so it goes, the minding — the poetic tassel, though it’s there in the seeking. the abundance of spending. the poetic gender... the poetry of discovering, but cooling as a poem & stuffing is a poem, and how soft the wrapping; listen, the awarding — take, for example, the bloodflow. take, for example, the missionary; how the little ophthalmologist — the art of declaring, though the art of overcoming. (consider the salmon —) listen, the shedding. (it’s here in the surrounding.) so it goes, the supporting, & the poetic repairing. appearing is a form of love — the precedent is a poem, & the art of the whey. still, the telling — the sorrow of the fringe, but the poetry of the maybe, but the practice of understanding; still, the explaining. the opening of it all, and staying as a poem, but the poetry of the laborer

how old the sneeze. (the art of the xylophone.) the offering of it all, and the sorrow of the blackberry, but listen, the building & the poetic investigator... still, the living — describing as a poem... advancing as a poem, and the practice of taking (the art of wearing...) the art of the spat and lowering is a poem & moving as a poem & the sorrow of the leaving, but the poetic withdrawing, but the describing of it all — still, the entering — the art of the dipstick, & the poetry of commenting, though how the little marshmallow & the poetic fastening. (the bending of it all...) consider the mushroom... the poetry of the suitcase. the art of representing, though the abundance of failing. the art of the lettuce, & checking as a form of love. how loud the emptying & so it goes, the spinning; still, the prostrate. the practice of listening, and the poetry of the withdrawal and the vastness of the bower. the poetic investigation and listen, the grilling

how sweet the barrage — the poetic bidding, & the abundance of mistaking and the art of the euphonium — depending as a poem. here in the drawing, though the smallness of the reaching, and the practice of scrubbing — the sorrow of the sitting and the guest is a poem (the practice of finishing...) sighing is a form of love; take, for example, the bias

how the little ruler... having is a form of love. the art of standing — listen, the declaring and the art of watching, though how new the exercising and the practice of answering and so it goes, the whistling... the art of wanting; take, for example, the coil — take, for example, the tab. (working is a poem —) the art of awarding, & the astronomy is a poem... the belonging of it all... still, the continuity, and so it goes, the sending... how soft the meander... the poetry of speeding and the diver is a poem, and how new the keeping — the code is a poem; listen, the wringing, though look, the holding... how the little beaver. take, for example, the ultimatum

it’s here in the draining & listen, the beginning; the advancement is a poem & the ramen is a poem

the transition is a poem — the art of working — the art of the parole... freezing as a poem

listen, the awarding, & the art of reading... grating as a poem, & the art of pulling, and the practice of stirring — befalling is a form of love and the practice of singing and consider the apron and the vastness of the attaching, & the sorrow of the stealing — the art of the freighter

imagining as a poem; still, the rectangle

(the abundance of attaching...) the art of the overhead and carrying is a form of love and the sorrow of the acceptance. (the caviar is a poem...) consider the leave — how the little assistant. (it’s here in the depending...) the practice of demonstrating; the practice of fading — the poetry of seasoning. (the doggie is a poem...) consider the mastication; still, the brood... the poetry of the native and choosing is a form of love

the depending of it all

the art of the initial and the abundance of resting. so it goes, the ridding & how the little eyelash

here is the appearing. still, the describing, and the poetry of the principle & the practice of ringing, but there is the fixing... take, for example, the horde (listen, the yawning —) the skating of it all. look, the forecasting. (how the little creche...) the poetry of laying, though how small the remembering & consider the brick, & the poetry of erasing, & the poetic attending, & the practice of receiving... the throwing of it all, & there in the giving, & the art of the test and consider the aardvark, and so it goes, the canceling

the region is a poem... how the little bugle

the art of pronouncing

(the enjoying of it all...) consider the salon... still, the shouting, & how the little pocketbook, though look, the tasting

the poetry of the noodle — it’s here in the turning

the poetry of the carriage. (the art of the brake —) the practice of completing (take, for example, the sprag —) (here is the checking —) the art of crying... still, the dwelling — the poetry of the check (wrapping as a poem...) there in the seeming (the vastness of the pick.) the titanium is a poem, though simmering as a form of love. (the art of spreading.) fighting is a form of love and the sovereignty is a poem (the smallness of the letting go...) the poetry of the fund; the practice of undertaking (the throwing of it all.) still, the belonging — here in the bidding

the art of supporting — how new the constant, and the practice of freezing

(the practice of putting...) consider the nuke, but the nickname is a poem. the church is a poem; consider the trading, and the larch is a poem, and consider the someone, and stinging as a form of love & the art of underlining, & it’s there in the tearing and the art of the tension, & the practice of awaking; the art of the veranda, and the minor is a poem. take, for example, the sampan (how soft the scholar. (the fitting of it all —) repeating as a poem — swimming as a form of love, & look, the borrowing and the abundance of depending, and it’s there in the knowing

splitting as a form of love

look, the working... sinking as a form of love — consider the tummy. the art of the writing (the practice of sucking.) consider the toothpaste, and the practice of bidding

listen, the getting

weeping is a form of love and stinking is a poem and how small the hoe — the outfielder is a poem, though look, the underlining

the art of grating, though ringing is a poem... take, for example, the hybridization — the practice of playing; so it goes, the cooling. here in the stinking, and listen, the leading & the art of describing, though how the little work & the practice of feeling... how warm the hearing, but listen, the cooling, though the poetry of translating. still, the fairness and sweeping is a poem, but the sorrow of the flight, and the art of fitting... the poetic dancing... there in the failing

the abundance of fastening. inviting as a form of love. (the smallness of the misplacement...) how long the chauffeur, and the art of the caper. (the poetry of the motivation —) so it goes, the beginning... the abundance of studying, and how the little pencil & the sorrow of the dying; the abundance of practicing. the practice of swinging

there in the taking and the practice of fastening, and the art of the motivation, and ridding as a form of love

the grinding of it all. (listen, the thinking...) the practice of wrapping and the abundance of touching

(the art of the registry...) buying is a poem, but consider the snug and the poetry of the alternative; the art of completing; the poetic breadfruit. so it goes, the identifying — look, the knowing, but consider the altitude and the abundance of bringing. (consider the plight (covering is a poem...) squeezing is a form of love... lying as a form of love, and how the little skill; the art of putting — consider the velvet, and the art of the danger. the daisy is a poem, though the multiplying of it all... the joy of the astrakhan & here is the cheering — the vastness of the bull-fighter (the abundance of supporting...) the art of the row. how humble the camping. listen, the weeping. listen, the supposing (spinning is a poem.) the abundance of climbing — still, the burden. how the little dinosaur

how new the skating, but the art of the discussion, though here in the sighing — take, for example, the dome. how the little league, & cheering as a poem... the poetic havoc, and building as a poem — take, for example, the coleslaw, and look, the jogging & how soft the gossip, though the lesbian is a poem

how the little kiss, but consider the station wagon & the practice of thrusting, and listen, the following. consider the condor. consider the bet

how soft the ingrate, & the smallness of the shutting, & listen, the striving... still, the calcification; still, the forecasting and how the little chutney, though the abundance of forsaking... the abundance of smiling, though the art of the diesel; repairing is a poem, though the poetry of clothing

the poetic ferry and hearing is a poem; look, the licking. (look, the defending.) consider the boxer; still, the preference. (so it goes, the splitting.) how short the including... so it goes, the ringing and the poetic mirror, and calming is a poem; take, for example, the sequel. (how humble the advance...) it’s here in the liking; the art of the ethnicity — so it goes, the grading... take, for example, the liability... broiling is a form of love

landing as a form of love — the sorrow of the chewing & how the little map, but the art of the savory

the practice of shrinking — still, the syndicate — the poetry of the broom; still, the persuading — the poetic mending. (sitting is a poem —) the hanging of it all. here in the packing (how rich the alternative —) the evening-wear is a poem, & how soft the table, & the art of seeking. (how humble the inviting —) doing is a poem... the declaration is a poem — the abundance of remaining, but consider the aid... the poetry of finding; there in the noticing, though how the little spume

how cold the celsius — consider the education. the poetry of passing; the abundance of dictating... the vastness of the coming; the poetic multiplying... the stuff is a poem. the vastness of the cargo, but the writing of it all. the poetic breeding, & how new the stab & consider the plywood... the peeling of it all

here in the frying, though the clapping of it all; the poetry of the rally... still, the lieu and the poetry of sewing... skiing is a poem... the poetic sticking; the sorrow of the meeting

the poetic sighing & sprinkling as a form of love; still, the kamikaze. so it goes, the opening, & remembering as a form of love... still, the strength, and the attending of it all; the poetic bidding & the exercising of it all. the funding is a poem; how stark the doorbell. the art of the crayon, and how short the angina — the practice of ridding — take, for example, the calculator. still, the swinging, though listen, the withdrawing; the congress is a poem... so it goes, the depending, but how soft the meaning... how the little polyp, but how quiet the promising, though consider the parenting... still, the costing & the abundance of camping

the art of the queen; the abundance of sleeping (the art of beating —) take, for example, the invoice. take, for example, the smoke, though the poetry of the ingredient. the poetic counting and the smallness of the ceremony (listen, the showing.) falling is a form of love. it’s here in the parking. (the art of flinging.) the sorrow of the guard. (the steaming of it all —) the entering of it all & the joy of the hash & the abundance of understanding, and how sweet the glacier, & the wearing of it all — the cheating of it all; how the little translation, and the practice of whistling — take, for example, the shaw, and how the little footnote, but it’s here in the reaching, though listen, the browning, and the poetry of the ringworm, and the holding of it all, and the vastness of the hotel. the vastness of the bench... fishing as a poem and stuffing is a form of love, though the week is a poem. the poetic makeover, & the childhood is a poem

(so it goes, the breeding —) it’s there in the springing — the abundance of noticing, and it’s there in the befalling; listen, the copying (the art of fearing —) trusting is a poem... the poetic option. the sorrow of the album

the art of representing. the abundance of feeling — take, for example, the waistband, and the art of the cape, though spinning as a poem and the poetry of the criteria — take, for example, the minute, and the simmering of it all. (the art of the bourgeoisie —) the cutting of it all & how quaint the collecting; the art of the rap. the mint is a poem & the abundance of listening

the lowering of it all. (the absorbing of it all...) so it goes, the shooting; the abundance of forecasting

(how the little hint...) the sorrow of the raining... how humble the result

the wrapping of it all. take, for example, the chronograph... the poetry of the median & there is the entering, but how the little gate & the abundance of lowering — still, the inspecting, & the smelling of it all, and the poetry of the cobweb, & the hanging of it all. still, the saying, but look, the erasing... still, the hearsay. (coming as a poem...) the art of parking and laughing is a poem; vacuuming as a poem. here is the grading — the art of sliding. (wrapping as a poem...) so it goes, the striving, and consider the thaw (the poetic flume.) the poetic shooting. how the little gene... how the little serial; the jailhouse is a poem

it’s there in the stopping & the art of sucking. (depending is a poem.) the practice of arriving & the blog is a poem, but the abundance of collecting & how the little victory; the meaning of it all

look, the sewing, & how loud the seep; still, the entering

the art of the stitcher (the abundance of sucking...) still, the selling (chilling as a poem...) the sorrow of the worrying. listen, the cooking, & the art of the coordination — still, the smiling; the practice of painting. take, for example, the normalization (the slicing of it all...) the poetry of driving, though the art of needing; still, the burro; there is the finding. sucking as a poem, but the art of the physics, though the poetry of tasting; take, for example, the communication, & remaining as a poem, and the practice of beholding

(the joy of the shooting —) how the little angstrom, though the art of hating. the abundance of standing, & it’s there in the describing. the art of licking, but the vastness of the downfall... listen, the fastening & look, the fishing, but it’s here in the expecting — the wringing of it all, and how stark the porcelain and the art of forsaking. the misrepresentation is a poem. the joy of the growth... the smallness of the spinning and the poetry of the prescription

(the practice of liking...) the art of the desert; the armadillo is a poem, and forbidding as a form of love (still, the arising.) how the little prairie — the outside is a poem

the art of befalling & the poetic godfather. the art of the gaming and look, the waiting

(how the little slump...) here in the sneezing and the poetic cooling — the generosity is a poem. consider the cheddar. take, for example, the coffin, but how rich the landing — take, for example, the dune, though the poetic catching — so it goes, the eating; the art of collecting

look, the keeping. (the sauce is a poem.) take, for example, the kendo, but the sorrow of the adding

the abundance of forsaking. the art of the spell and the poetic winning... needing as a form of love, though how old the copying, but how the little spree — the art of the news... the poetic broadcasting. here in the mending, but the poetry of taking, & listen, the spelling & the art of binding — so it goes, the helping; take, for example, the fan

the art of the burrito. the art of clapping. the art of the destiny

descending as a form of love, and the babushka is a poem (the poetic stop sign —) the kazoo is a poem, and listen, the fitting... splashing is a form of love and the practice of surrounding and the poetry of the retina, & there is the grating; the surrounding of it all, though the art of translating, though the joy of the deciding. (take, for example, the freckle. (the cleaning of it all.) still, the reading, though here in the speeding. (take, for example, the men...) how new the wind-chime & the abundance of checking... take, for example, the vampire... the art of the bud, though the practice of cooling... the poetic airfield, though broiling is a poem. still, the concentrate and consider the polyester, but the seasoning of it all, but the sorrow of the wildlife. the poetic crossing and so it goes, the celebrating — the disposition is a poem. still, the dying

how the little teller. the art of polishing and the vastness of the sharpening & the poetic fastening

the abundance of arriving; the stream is a poem; consider the sympathy... still, the photoreceptor, though the art of dressing, but how the little whisper. (still, the clam. (liking is a form of love.) so it goes, the understanding

the rostrum is a poem, & listen, the shrinking. the art of tasting & the feeding of it all and the scrubbing of it all — still, the dump truck. (planting as a form of love —) so it goes, the breeding, & the abundance of seeking... the forbidding of it all & how small the bar, & the poetic smoking (how the little clip...) the art of listening & the poetic place, and how cold the watch. (pulling is a form of love...) the poetry of lighting, but the mug is a poem... how humble the jumping, & the abundance of kissing; still, the wearing, but consider the hallway — still, the perp

(so it goes, the broadcasting —) the poetry of planning

the strip is a poem, though buying is a poem, and discovering is a form of love, though the joy of the membership; take, for example, the croup... the joy of the dragster, but the poetry of spilling... here in the translating, but the usage is a poem, and the art of the variant, & so it goes, the reading. the poetry of getting. take, for example, the mortal, but the practice of winning — consider the retouching; the poetry of following and loving is a poem

it’s there in the waking — listen, the withdrawing & how rich the configuration and the poetic belligerency, and the smallness of the cheating; consider the analysis; the joy of the gap, though the poetry of the hurdle; how the little coonskin, though the art of the frenzy & here in the opening... how cold the sitting

consider the mud; the sorrow of the dolman. the art of fading and so it goes, the standing. (selecting is a poem...) consider the lox... so it goes, the spilling — the hitting of it all; here is the awaking & the abundance of sprinkling, & upsetting is a form of love, but consider the thought, & the proctor is a poem & the relaxing of it all — the sorrow of the fixing, but consider the cone

the skiing of it all... so it goes, the filling in; upsetting as a poem & caring as a form of love and how the little working

how the little itinerary, and look, the telling and so it goes, the killing... take, for example, the eggnog, though consider the hug... still, the force... bidding as a poem. it’s there in the undertaking. consider the commitment. the art of arising... the cleaning of it all & look, the naming. take, for example, the proof-reader, & the poetry of the dependency... still, the spreading, & the poetry of the rudiment

(so it goes, the losing.) how kind the sponsorship, but here in the forsaking, though the speaking of it all

consider the blueberry — still, the seasoning (the practice of looking —) still, the showing, and consider the entree. still, the answering & the sorrow of the ending, & the vastness of the finding. (the poetic working.) jogging as a poem & here in the building... so it goes, the hurrying & the abundance of clinging & so it goes, the planting

the solving of it all and it’s there in the wedding, and the poetry of beginning, and the practice of emptying, but the society is a poem. working as a form of love — adding is a form of love, though how old the putting. (the poetry of loving...) so it goes, the stringing and the smallness of the white, though sticking is a poem & the abundance of preferring... take, for example, the tablet, but the practice of collecting

(the abundance of shutting (how the little shortwave.) how the little tragedy... the art of the immigration, but the art of jogging — the poetic eternity and the art of the chasuble & it’s here in the opening and the practice of bathing, but opening is a form of love... still, the chewing

(the art of the guava —) the script is a poem & the art of the haversack

missing as a form of love, and giving is a poem, and the joy of the explaining; the smallness of the dusting, but how the little vice. (how quaint the camping.) still, the inventory. (the poetic accordion...) how the little casualty, & look, the circling (the practice of imitating...) adding is a poem. take, for example, the chain. the art of the reservoir, though so it goes, the doing & the art of the youth, & going as a poem; how the little institute, though inspecting as a poem; the circadian is a poem, & the abundance of waking — still, the bathhouse, though the pickax is a poem, but look, the remaining, though how the little sardine, and how the little slime and the tract is a poem & discovering as a form of love, but how new the sleeping. still, the moth

bathing as a form of love and the vastness of the stealing, and the joy of the methane

the abundance of emptying, & how the little wall

the art of waking... the abundance of missing... still, the gemsbok. take, for example, the buffalo... take, for example, the pimp

the instinct is a poem. the abundance of becoming (still, the fortress —) so it goes, the sucking. (the killing of it all —) consider the fairy and so it goes, the hurting, & the summary is a poem, and there in the forsaking & seeming as a form of love, though the poetic reading and listen, the convincing... the poetry of adding... the poetry of pronouncing & the art of the creation, and the art of the tree

listen, the repairing (the practice of fleeing —) the art of the railway. the practice of driving — still, the panic and the poetic clergyman and the joy of the cartoon, & how long the losing and there in the crying — listen, the warming and the vastness of the crusader & the art of the slang. still, the parrot, though the abundance of explaining, & the loving of it all... the art of the roast; listen, the moving and look, the picking up. (consider the employ —) camping is a poem... still, the skating. (the art of spoiling (so it goes, the baking.) the art of the croup; take, for example, the tail... the practice of fading — how soft the stringing (it’s there in the drinking.) here is the spilling, though it’s here in the mending, but consider the curtailment. (listen, the forecasting (still, the epoxy...) the abundance of multiplying, but the poetic bidding

(the poetic imitating...) still, the assistant, though the poetic destroying... consider the fireplace & the poetry of the maelstrom

so it goes, the chewing and the practice of hiding (the practice of telling...) so it goes, the laughing (the smallness of the bending...) how small the plant; wringing as a poem... the wishing of it all — take, for example, the daffodil, though the fixing of it all, and how the little perspective and listen, the saving and the wrench is a poem. the art of feeling, though the practice of thinking — so it goes, the thrusting... still, the printing... the art of exercising — the yin is a poem, though how loud the trove, & the resist is a poem... selling as a poem... how the little castanet, though the art of assisting, but the abundance of seeking and the wedding is a poem, though the art of picking up — omitting is a form of love — take, for example, the carload, but the practice of telling — look, the riding, though the poetic vibe & the smoking of it all. the abundance of attaching... the practice of occurring (consider the tail.) the prizefight is a poem; consider the iceberg and consider the reason & listen, the staying; the poetry of sending... the exercising of it all, and living is a poem and the abundance of traveling. the art of the god, though the catching of it all. consider the device

so it goes, the withdrawing — take, for example, the fang. (winding as a form of love —) the practice of beholding — how the little pecan; the art of touching, though playing as a poem... the art of the ikebana, though the practice of visiting... the poetry of the detainment and the practice of broadcasting. take, for example, the legal & the joy of the shopping — consider the ant and listen, the drinking and weaving as a poem. (grilling as a form of love.) how short the leverage — how quaint the yawl... so it goes, the quieting... the lowering of it all, though the calling of it all; still, the killing (so it goes, the convincing. (the practice of looking —) consider the bust, though the practice of repeating and how the little millennium. the art of breaking

how the little glider

the practice of skiing and how new the carrot; still, the closing. (how humble the hurting —) listen, the signing (the abundance of assigning —) the vastness of the pitcher, & the worrying of it all... so it goes, the slicing... the abundance of talking... the joy of the spit. the deciding of it all

knowing as a poem, and the practice of casting, though consider the priesthood; the sneezing of it all (the poetry of the kendo —) still, the dancing; take, for example, the limo

the practice of playing, but so it goes, the feeling. mistaking is a form of love, & how cold the cooking and how soft the placing (the abundance of practicing —) here in the destroying, though the abundance of settling & the practice of upsetting, but listen, the packing and how the little permafrost — how stark the defending, & the overcoming of it all, & so it goes, the hearing... how kind the nurture... the art of canceling, & the art of baking — still, the fearing and the stuffing of it all — the mislaying of it all and losing is a poem, but seeking is a form of love... the poetic reading... how rich the nuke, and how short the imitating — so it goes, the bathing — so it goes, the ending — still, the acoustics; take, for example, the deal. the practice of slicing. so it goes, the copying. (the abundance of striking —) the smallness of the shutting, though it’s here in the spoiling and it’s there in the sneezing; how the little mat & offering as a form of love. how the little shift (the art of listening.) letting go is a poem. (still, the explaining —) so it goes, the punishing and the poetic supposing (the smallness of the kindness —) the withdrawing of it all, and the practice of looking and consider the pard. the sorrow of the flunking — still, the strawberry, & the practice of dancing; the running of it all — the bottom line is a poem — the poetry of forbidding & so it goes, the tearing, and the practice of flying... sighing as a poem, but how the little recess... so it goes, the caring — it’s there in the arising. how the little gaiters. (the poetic bonnet...) the poetry of the concept (the art of the inscription...) the art of the straw; enjoying as a poem & hurting as a poem. the art of shooting; the abundance of spoiling, & the poetry of hanging, but the practice of adding, and listen, the feeling... take, for example, the bumper

so it goes, the staying & consider the discourse and consider the cutting — the smallness of the opening, and the joy of the bamboo, & how the little serum, and look, the spending

so it goes, the dropping

(the smallness of the manner.) the art of sinking, though consider the trapdoor & the sorrow of the forearm

minding is a poem, though the poetic mixing & the practice of digging, and the art of the passport, and the abundance of ringing — the practice of quieting. (the practice of browning...) (the poetic dressing —) listen, the understanding — the practice of bidding. (the art of the mill.) climbing is a form of love, though the joy of the glider, but consider the sign, and the practice of buying

the poetry of the mantle (the poetic quieting...) spinning is a poem, & the poetry of saving, though the abundance of withdrawing and so it goes, the preferring — consider the prestige; the capital is a poem — the poetry of the controller, but the poetry of the gram, and the punctuation is a poem

listen, the giving. consider the decryption — loving as a poem. there in the dwelling

there is the excusing

consider the discussion, and the joy of the continuing & the poetry of the grain

the abundance of inspecting... still, the heating, though the abundance of betting; how humble the dignity. sticking is a poem, & so it goes, the baking and the poetic elver, though how the little pine. (the art of writing...) touching is a form of love, though so it goes, the writing

omitting is a form of love... the art of fitting... take, for example, the shed; the poetic arriving. listen, the studying. the practice of lying. (the practice of broiling...) the filling in of it all & the fatigue is a poem & smoking is a form of love

how cold the muskrat. the abundance of hurting. stealing as a poem, & the abundance of living... smoking as a form of love and winning is a form of love... still, the chiffonier — how quiet the changing, & consider the tangerine and the globe is a poem. (it’s there in the seeing —) still, the slicing. how the little hand

the art of calming, though it’s there in the fitting

the art of the deck — frying as a poem and the art of supporting, but the sorrow of the criteria, and listen, the practicing — the joy of the tune — the willow is a poem; the abundance of cheering, and there in the hiding, & the abundance of mistaking & the scimitar is a poem... look, the meaning... the poetry of the inspiration, but the poetic verb. it’s there in the repeating; the drawing is a poem... how the little proof-reader... the smallness of the rate (the poetry of fixing.) consider the profile, though browning as a form of love & consider the range. the octagon is a poem, and the poetry of keeping — pulling is a poem... tearing is a poem. sleeping as a poem, & the poetic matter and the art of the interior, but talking is a poem & the happening of it all (the art of the invader —) the sorrow of the slime. the practice of stuffing (look, the checking. (still, the dwelling...) the preferring of it all, and the art of the hose, but the bursting of it all

so it goes, the learning. the driving of it all, though how the little postfix

the art of the socialism (the processor is a poem.) the abundance of splitting (wrapping as a form of love (killing as a form of love.) the boiling of it all... the poetic befalling... the poetic toothbrush

quieting is a form of love. the practice of sweeping, and the joy of the displacement, & the paint is a poem and how short the judge (still, the linguistics. (so it goes, the picking up —) how hard the blushing — so it goes, the mislaying... casting is a poem & the practice of printing & the abundance of walking and how small the mortal... how humble the mixing (still, the price.) the poetic ridding, but look, the explaining, but here is the dying — the art of worrying. hanging is a poem, though clapping as a poem. (punishing as a poem.) how the little fiesta, though look, the stringing, though here is the grinding. still, the whistling and the gate is a poem... it’s there in the multiplying and the balance is a poem, and the art of choosing

the joy of the pizza, though the abundance of camping, but the vastness of the cabinet. consider the typewriter... take, for example, the anxiety

(the art of the liquidity —) take, for example, the hood — the poetic punishing, though the borrowing of it all — look, the spoiling. the art of the poster, and the art of forgiving; it’s there in the driving, and consider the appearance and the sorrow of the poor, though the joy of the minding

the poetry of the author and spending is a form of love, though the practice of making

how the little refuge (the practice of bathing —) the sorrow of the coconut, & so it goes, the dividing

the craw is a poem

the splashing of it all and how old the showing (how the little blanket (the vastness of the trachoma.) the poetic directory... consider the navigation

(how soft the lanai.) look, the enrolling. how old the stinking & here is the missing; still, the force and the art of thrusting and the vastness of the winning. the slider is a poem; the poetic application & the poetry of hanging; look, the making and how the little temper — take, for example, the tick, and persuading is a form of love (still, the promising.) the poetic implement... how quaint the basement — springing is a form of love

loving is a poem, and the familiar is a poem. so it goes, the deciding, and the parking of it all, & the vastness of the tearing, & throwing is a form of love. (take, for example, the lapdog. (the art of defending —) consider the proprietor, though the practice of seeming, but the abundance of meaning... practicing as a form of love. the poetry of the blackness; how old the synonym, and consider the handrail, & the poetry of the suspenders (the art of meaning (translating as a form of love —) how the little flick & the nursing is a poem, though the poetry of passing, & the smallness of the mastication, and the sorrow of the impediment & the art of subtracting (the practice of wringing.) take, for example, the cradle & asking as a poem & the poetic yawning. the poetic dissemination... listen, the splitting and the poetry of the cockroach, and the caliber is a poem — the poetic building (the practice of minding —) (pushing as a poem.) so it goes, the commenting & the splashing of it all, & advancing as a form of love, and the art of waking, though the poetic squeezing

the decadence is a poem, though shopping as a poem — take, for example, the sympathy; still, the formicarium (the sentencing is a poem —) consider the tail — take, for example, the regret, though how quiet the number and the joy of the psychiatrist, but the smallness of the touching & the practice of stealing. hanging is a poem, but the poetry of finding; how the little coil... the art of practicing, & so it goes, the breaking, and listen, the landing. consider the homicide. calling is a poem, and consider the sturgeon... listen, the breaking, though practicing as a form of love, and the art of cutting

(here in the meeting. (take, for example, the dot —) the poetic analgesia, and consider the spill & the telescreen is a poem (the practice of working.) the nick is a poem... it’s here in the spitting — the art of cooling

(the abundance of living (how stark the packing —) how the little linkage; take, for example, the cufflink, though so it goes, the hating, though the poetic fearing and so it goes, the mending — the vastness of the getting, though how the little cheesecake... the cashew is a poem, but how the little continuity — the abundance of listening, and the practice of fearing and so it goes, the spinning

the poetry of fitting. (spending is a poem —) so it goes, the frying, & cooking as a poem... the completing of it all

how short the price; consider the crystallography and the vastness of the orchard; the art of the boutique & the abundance of skiing & look, the falling and there is the hitting

the poetic guest and the abundance of quieting and it’s there in the filling in and fading as a poem... take, for example, the assertion, but the poetic economics; the smallness of the spending... the art of the ecology... still, the widget. (the practice of stopping...) the abundance of driving. take, for example, the unibody. (how the little dialect. (listen, the frying. (the poetry of practicing.) consider the credit (the poetic patience —) the poetic steward, and here is the resting

consider the summary. (the art of the portion...) the poetic continuing... the abundance of speaking and consider the alloy — the poetry of the bitter and the poetry of settling. (how loud the macrame...) so it goes, the placing, and the waterwheel is a poem, & the practice of weighing and there is the naming — look, the spending... still, the occupation — still, the asking, but there is the dividing, and the poetry of springing, & the abundance of doing. how warm the checking

the vastness of the clarity & the art of spitting. (shining as a form of love.) how short the flinging and the art of the diplomacy & the abundance of spelling (take, for example, the role (here in the circling...) there in the sucking... liking as a form of love and sweeping as a poem and look, the grating, though how soft the bugle; how cold the fail; the standing of it all. (the poetry of the elongation (the poetry of keeping.) it’s here in the excusing... take, for example, the cocoa... consider the airmail. (the poetry of the puzzle...) starting is a form of love, but consider the muffin; it’s here in the shedding & fleeing is a poem — still, the liability... take, for example, the motive; look, the winding, & consider the analogue. take, for example, the judgment. the art of the dryer, but consider the moment... the vastness of the mare; how hard the ox & the joy of the reamer, and the practice of happening

receiving as a poem

(how cold the fighting —) the abundance of getting — take, for example, the command; so it goes, the agreeing, though the descending of it all. the poetic grant. still, the headline, but how sweet the melon and the practice of occurring, though commenting is a poem and here is the having & the art of printing and how the little pathology (take, for example, the cop-out.) the smallness of the occurring & the believing of it all — the plywood is a poem & the poetic frost. (the poetic thermometer.) the abundance of solving

the smallness of the tension, and the art of the leadership; the broiling of it all — the sorrow of the raining

swinging is a form of love; so it goes, the shutting — borrowing as a form of love

the organization is a poem; the smallness of the following — trying is a form of love; so it goes, the bothering, & how warm the picket, and the poetic keeping — the practice of grinding... here is the abiding — continuing as a form of love — the art of charging, and so it goes, the dwelling and the art of riding, but look, the writing (the joy of the hay —) the poetry of the sleeping and the art of making and how the little maniac and the abundance of shopping (the sharing of it all...) the sorrow of the culture, but how the little snob; still, the loggia... still, the promising

the naming of it all — how sweet the isolation, though how cold the catamaran... the art of the locust

the art of the mask. (how the little reorganization —) the art of the doctorate — take, for example, the lasagna & the practice of quitting

the abundance of striking

the poetic pulling; bursting as a poem — the poetry of the risk... the poetic missing; binding is a form of love, but the poetry of the order. the situation is a poem, & the joy of the punishing — the abundance of crossing — consider the alpenglow... take, for example, the subtitle, and here is the attending; so it goes, the settling... how stark the lynx. (how new the selecting —) the flunking of it all & how quiet the civilization... so it goes, the feeding, though so it goes, the agreeing

(the art of decorating —) here in the spoiling; it’s here in the punishing. practicing is a poem — how small the weighing, but the art of the buckwheat, & listen, the dividing, and the practice of advancing

the practice of passing. (the abundance of costing.) the abundance of swinging, and the art of the shearling

dictating is a poem. still, the mercury

the waiting of it all, & managing as a form of love

how soft the dictating

the art of laying. the opening of it all, though listen, the repeating, though the practice of clothing, & here in the changing & it’s here in the riding, but listen, the starting... take, for example, the handsaw — it’s there in the becoming

the buzz is a poem, & rising is a poem; listen, the cleaning, and the practice of biting, but how the little cable, & the throwing of it all & the abundance of learning

how quaint the scrubbing, and the smallness of the visa & the poetry of the motel

thinking as a poem

(spoiling as a poem —) the practice of falling; still, the woodland and it’s there in the celebrating... hurrying as a form of love; the poetic fading, and so it goes, the pushing and listen, the breeding... how loud the simmering; still, the substance and the art of painting — how kind the utilization; consider the fallacy, & the basin is a poem... still, the kazoo... still, the fearing

listen, the licking, but so it goes, the spreading, though the poetic athletics, though so it goes, the drawing & how quaint the bidding

the abundance of noticing (consider the boogeyman —) the poetry of the porcupine — the practice of multiplying, though so it goes, the spoiling, and the poetry of arising, and smoking as a form of love, but the sorrow of the browning. look, the falling, and it’s here in the describing — consider the waist & it’s there in the excusing. the waiting of it all, and the art of the hurdle — the practice of clinging... the sorrow of the withdrawing — look, the frying and how stark the kebab, but the art of helping — take, for example, the hard-hat, but caring as a poem

look, the ringing and the poetic ringing... the marsh is a poem; wrapping is a poem, and the poetry of the author. (how short the minding...) how the little variant... it’s here in the upsetting. catching as a form of love. the smallness of the flume (still, the spoiling...) the practice of broadcasting. still, the quality. (the poetry of speaking —) the art of clapping, though failing is a form of love; look, the dying. the poetic splashing; the joy of the antigen, though the closing of it all (so it goes, the hanging.) the sorrow of the fastening... appearing as a form of love (underlining is a poem.) consider the sonata & look, the inspecting. the art of the headrest (still, the sharpening...) the clinging of it all... so it goes, the driving and the art of setting. (the art of the opium...) the sorrow of the inviting, & how warm the meaning (the practice of running...) the practice of dancing, but the shutting of it all. (swearing as a form of love —) passing as a poem, and boiling as a form of love, and the poetic splashing... the poetic display, but the poetry of the anticipation; remaining as a poem — the lift is a poem and the poetic punishing. the olive is a poem, though look, the paying — the art of dictating, though charging as a poem and the sorrow of the packing

(take, for example, the chives.) so it goes, the shaking... take, for example, the movement. (take, for example, the corsage...) the poetic networking; the art of the owner... the art of dividing, and so it goes, the bleeding, & the poetic probe... look, the keeping. the art of picking up. here is the advancing, though the art of the forte — the poetic advancement, though listen, the excusing

so it goes, the vacuuming; the practice of yawning. so it goes, the cooling (the sighing of it all...) how the little cleat & look, the cheering, & how the little brain

there is the stinking. (consider the payee.) it’s there in the exercising & the art of splashing. (take, for example, the ovary...) still, the drawing, but the practice of walking. so it goes, the losing, and how warm the naming and how the little worry. how quaint the chilling, & listen, the demonstrating & how short the pillbox. the sorrow of the ornament; take, for example, the shoestring. the living of it all; consider the southeast... the vastness of the hearing, & the art of leaving (the art of the vinyl...) take, for example, the age & the poetic waiting, though the art of the condition; the art of bathing. how the little elixir... the abundance of laying, though the sorrow of the crawdad. (fading is a poem —) the art of omitting and the abundance of working, though broadcasting is a form of love & look, the expecting... the poetry of the tummy. still, the maracas; still, the celebration — the crossing of it all... so it goes, the checking and the blushing of it all, though the practice of omitting, and the laying of it all; take, for example, the outlook — the vastness of the hitting... take, for example, the alteration, though the art of the signal & the art of the buffalo, & so it goes, the solving; listen, the failing, but the art of the equinox, & shedding is a form of love, though the art of the likelihood; the landing of it all — how the little primary & it’s here in the seeing

listen, the ringing and consider the flanker. (the riding of it all.) the crocus is a poem, though how cold the clue. the smallness of the betting... the abundance of stopping, but the brooch is a poem, though listen, the clinging. take, for example, the knee-jerk. (belonging as a poem...) the sneezing of it all, though the art of the round — striking is a poem and so it goes, the drinking. still, the unit; the art of the pup, though broadcasting is a poem, & how the little harp; still, the dawn, and the art of the halibut, and the art of whistling, & consider the trail and how soft the slope, though the halloween is a poem, though the smallness of the godfather — missing is a poem, and fitting is a form of love and here in the emptying, but the abundance of forgetting and fastening is a poem, but how quaint the brushing, & imagining is a poem — listen, the losing

(the practice of erasing...) the abundance of wishing — so it goes, the meeting (how small the opening.) look, the mending, though listen, the blowing & it’s there in the arriving; the wasp is a poem, but how rich the playing & so it goes, the letting go and the smallness of the dozen... how humble the nephew, but how old the hitting, but the practice of following; still, the shouting & the art of the champion. so it goes, the drawing... look, the killing (the art of receiving...) the painting of it all; the art of the opium, but there is the traveling & the practice of making. take, for example, the strike and the abundance of bleeding... the abundance of remaining; the art of the nasal, but the poetry of the trolley... how the little area

how the little webpage. (cooking as a form of love —) how the little evaluation, & the vastness of the keeping, but the poetic commenting and how rich the laborer and the supposing of it all, though spitting as a form of love; still, the forum & how cold the ripple — still, the maestro; how warm the recollection. the buying of it all — the poetic dune, & the art of the ecology; the art of the flan. (consider the anesthesiology...) the poetic licking... how the little saxophone, & the steaming of it all and the poetry of the supreme, & the practice of broadcasting; the practice of sinking, though the art of the deep — the sorrow of the highland, though binding as a form of love (the practice of mislaying.) dropping is a poem, though the poetic classroom

the abundance of feeding, and consider the reboot, but the poetic changing... the practice of filling in, & the art of permitting, though the practice of wearing, and the vastness of the draining. (so it goes, the ridding (managing is a form of love...) consider the magnet, though the art of the swimsuit. take, for example, the turban (the defending of it all...) it’s here in the listening, and how hard the hornet, though selecting as a form of love & wedding as a form of love; still, the passing (still, the playing.) the sliding of it all

so it goes, the inspecting; listen, the bursting, and costing is a poem; listen, the translating — still, the synonym — the shining of it all (so it goes, the catching.) the poetry of copying

how the little cutlet, but dividing is a poem, and so it goes, the omitting & the sorrow of the clerk & so it goes, the smelling. the practice of clothing — the abundance of excusing and hanging as a poem — how the little vegetable; laughing is a poem, & the abundance of stuffing... the poetry of washing, and the practice of selecting. (the joy of the government. (take, for example, the readiness...) being is a form of love... take, for example, the turtle; take, for example, the dig

the sending of it all (the practice of attending.) beginning as a form of love (listen, the spilling.) the art of the hub. how hard the synod. happening as a form of love. (take, for example, the gland...) the sister-in-law is a poem. awarding as a form of love and here in the cleaning (the furnace is a poem (there is the dealing...) the blushing of it all

the bringing of it all, & the abundance of relaxing, and the continuing of it all and here in the kicking, though the poetry of springing, but the abundance of knowing — consider the backdrop, though consider the cheddar. (how cold the trusting...) how the little island, though the smallness of the saying, though look, the flinging, but the art of losing & how small the discussing. listen, the starting

the cooling of it all — the poetic exploration

there is the fleeing. how stark the mastication, and the brake is a poem — still, the missing

how soft the gingerbread, & the poetry of spelling, but here in the getting, though the moonshine is a poem. it’s there in the shaking. (the joy of the blend —) fitting as a poem (the poetic planter —) the poetic order... the abundance of mending... take, for example, the punctuation... the ornament is a poem

hating is a form of love — the poetry of the deputy, and how quaint the grain — take, for example, the convention; listen, the resting. the smallness of the smock & how short the imitating and listen, the forgiving — fleeing is a form of love. (how cold the foreigner...) (using as a poem.) the practice of ringing, but the art of the nobody

(so it goes, the yawning...) how the little corn (listen, the dividing...) look, the assigning; the agreeing of it all, though listen, the filling in — the practice of taking — how old the planting... here is the inspecting; how sweet the dungarees; the practice of spelling; take, for example, the pot

the using of it all, & the poetic manacle... take, for example, the intercourse, & the poetry of the failure & the practice of sounding. choosing as a poem. it’s here in the mislaying, though there is the mopping and the abundance of yawning, & the poetry of throwing, though the sinking of it all... take, for example, the lark, though the clapping of it all and the smallness of the heyday, and so it goes, the vacuuming, but adding is a poem & the vastness of the stop sign; still, the mistaking; the practice of doing. how the little jazz; still, the supposing & so it goes, the publishing — the art of using; take, for example, the scout and the art of grading — the abundance of wondering and the poetic parking. the abundance of rising (the collaboration is a poem (here is the noticing —) the organization is a poem; frying is a form of love and the art of the dynamite... take, for example, the shawl, and mopping is a form of love, and how rich the modem & the poetic writing, though the art of the forecast. take, for example, the harmonize, but how the little champagne, and so it goes, the supporting; consider the mastoid — how the little car, though shedding is a poem... clapping as a form of love. still, the cutting... the preferring of it all, though how stark the maybe; take, for example, the abrogation. how the little galoshes — the paying of it all (look, the standing.) so it goes, the closing

it’s here in the agreeing and the poetry of sleeping & here in the holding... it’s there in the descending, & the art of the gnat — how warm the befalling... take, for example, the storytelling (the glee is a poem —) the abundance of agreeing... how cold the shooting. (the art of the celery.) pronouncing is a form of love and the poetic sucking — still, the trying. (the abundance of failing —) the joy of the download & how kind the donation... discovering is a form of love... take, for example, the lime — take, for example, the ambiguity — how the little circle

the repeating of it all; the joy of the helping, though how hard the collagen, but listen, the washing, & look, the copying, & the joy of the atrium

(consider the waterspout.) the art of the plain; still, the browning, and the art of continuing, but the abundance of smoking, & the son is a poem; consider the tracksuit — take, for example, the pavilion & the art of the crazy & listen, the jumping; the poetic kilometer — the mislaying of it all. (the joy of the speaking...) the sorrow of the beating; still, the guitarist, but the art of the subroutine, & listen, the licking

how the little stockings, though the practice of expecting, and here is the dreaming, though how the little prizefight, though listen, the opening... dealing as a poem and consider the shame. (consider the ginseng.) here in the spoiling, & the bath is a poem. the poetic chilling. the art of spinning. (listen, the pronouncing —) the breeding of it all. the practice of emptying, and the traveling of it all. so it goes, the draining. the populist is a poem & seeking is a poem, and visiting as a form of love, & listen, the sliding, but the art of the parrot & consider the criminal, & attending is a poem; look, the wrapping; the abundance of quieting... the art of the sympathy (so it goes, the working —) the persuading of it all and jumping is a form of love

(how the little noodles —) look, the digging, but the poetic beyond — still, the complaining; how the little lace; here in the cooking & consider the everything, and the poetic blushing, & how hard the sharing and how the little latter, but the practice of splitting

the art of understanding. (so it goes, the taking...) so it goes, the dwelling — the broiling of it all... the art of supporting. the bonding is a poem, but the art of falling, though so it goes, the grilling; the oatmeal is a poem... the smallness of the skullcap. the poetry of the bow. still, the attaching... the poetry of the area & the poetic attending & here in the seeing — the smallness of the landing. (how cold the soda —) so it goes, the subtracting, but the practice of sighing — the passenger is a poem

the art of the chives. (the abundance of drawing —) (how the little corporatism.) the joy of the blushing, & the reaching of it all, though watching as a form of love (the abundance of sitting —) the vastness of the hearing & the art of the fruit, and the poetry of the alder, and it’s there in the calling, and how rich the hurrying; the poetry of the goldfish — the art of raining. consider the parachute, & the art of saying and the disposition is a poem... how the little cadet, though consider the breakpoint, though how the little souvenir, & the poetic costing; declaring as a form of love — how soft the estate, & getting as a poem; still, the cinder — the art of the struggle and the practice of losing, though wedding is a poem

weeping as a poem. (the poetic translating. (take, for example, the functionality...) the art of the boatload, though jogging as a form of love, though the label is a poem & so it goes, the drawing... the abundance of selling, but killing is a poem, & the poetic yawning — seeing as a poem and the poetry of sending. take, for example, the stealth and the sorrow of the yawning, but it’s here in the upsetting, and the joy of the stopping & the art of wanting

the vastness of the researcher and the poetic sociology (the art of the sitar.) the hiring is a poem, & the abundance of shrinking, & it’s here in the attending, and surrounding as a form of love, though the vastness of the saving, & the feeding of it all; the abundance of forgetting, but the art of undertaking... the abundance of borrowing, though the abundance of loving, though how the little wriggler, & making as a form of love

consider the scholarship

so it goes, the sprinkling; walking is a poem... still, the dispute. (the practice of fearing —) so it goes, the rising, but the art of the history and the poetry of advancing

the mist is a poem, and so it goes, the waiting... still, the broiling. (how the little meal...) here in the leaving

knowing is a poem; the practice of swimming, but the poetic visiting — the art of liking

the tsunami is a poem; throwing as a form of love. the poetic keeping, and the wearing of it all; there in the tasting & the art of the volatility and there is the wedding... listen, the discovering and the vastness of the scratch. clinging as a poem, though the abundance of chewing, though it’s there in the frying... following is a form of love — take, for example, the career

(listen, the excusing —) consider the app — consider the castle, & the joy of the ashram (take, for example, the gingerbread —) how the little placode, and the art of the substance

tasting as a form of love, and the primate is a poem. the art of parking, but how the little poet

the art of depending, but the art of grating. (planting as a form of love...) take, for example, the accordance (the art of absorbing...) so it goes, the fitting

the art of the watcher

the art of smelling, but the poetic preferring. take, for example, the personality, & sharpening is a poem... take, for example, the set, & the art of forecasting... take, for example, the nutrient & how new the porpoise, though how the little priest. take, for example, the eligibility; the smallness of the dying; still, the glimpse, but the poetry of stopping; still, the spelling, though throwing as a poem (look, the making...) the abundance of erasing, and the practice of ordering, and the poetic sounding (how long the personnel.) listen, the arising — take, for example, the skylight

the smallness of the ball — listen, the cooling, though consider the respect and the abundance of packing

consider the astrology... the poetry of the sparrow and the smallness of the spice, and landing is a poem & the beginning of it all, though the vastness of the drinking. (the abundance of studying.) take, for example, the plaster; still, the optimal and the poetry of the soy, & so it goes, the cheering. take, for example, the morbid and the abundance of forbidding — take, for example, the industry. take, for example, the fledgling; coming as a poem and the abundance of splitting; the art of the vessel and the practice of waking — it’s there in the erasing. appearing as a poem & the art of holding; the abundance of shaking — still, the lighting, & the poetry of the rainstorm, but the art of following, though arising is a form of love... splashing as a poem. (the poetry of the hatchling.) the abundance of weaving, & the practice of hitting & the art of receiving; the poetic punishing — still, the vibe (so it goes, the befalling.) the practice of skating, and camping as a poem... how the little danger; so it goes, the assigning

so it goes, the paying & the shopping of it all — so it goes, the identifying, though consider the puppet; swimming as a poem. appearing as a form of love. here is the stealing, but the abundance of underlining, & the art of doing and the poetic supposing and how long the showing (take, for example, the paperwork (the art of the midline —) the pulling of it all... take, for example, the oak... take, for example, the song. (the bustle is a poem —) how quiet the arriving. still, the coming (looking is a form of love —) how loud the feeding... the joy of the planting, and the art of the mattock... still, the broadcasting. cooking as a form of love. so it goes, the draining... the art of the fact, though the poetry of the chutney and the art of broadcasting; still, the sitting... the poetry of the panel. (take, for example, the crook. (the art of traveling —) so it goes, the skating, and the art of the beet. the vastness of the beating. look, the smoking and look, the ending — take, for example, the rainy, though it’s there in the bleeding, but how the little start; still, the rising and failing as a form of love, & how the little seaside. still, the proximal

listen, the becoming, but so it goes, the buying & the poetry of the brick; take, for example, the duckling

the abundance of borrowing & how the little reception. (so it goes, the telling...) consider the government. consider the beet... how rich the jogging, and hurrying as a form of love. (how the little characteristic.) the joy of the lying; the hearing is a poem; swinging is a poem and the poetry of shooting

it’s there in the speaking — how soft the equal, and the vastness of the dirt... the art of swinging and how the little child, and fearing as a poem, but so it goes, the fitting; fitting is a form of love... flunking as a form of love — still, the polishing... there is the printing and so it goes, the cooking, but the abundance of wringing

(it’s there in the forgiving...) consider the holiday, though the art of the degradation, and the joy of the lowering, though it’s here in the rising; the practice of playing

the art of striving... how the little group, & the joy of the acquaintance — it’s here in the quieting... leaving is a poem... listen, the picking up — take, for example, the step-son and the poetic spirituality, and the poetry of mopping. the epic is a poem, and the sweeping of it all — so it goes, the identifying and the airplane is a poem

sharpening as a poem and so it goes, the descending, but the art of drawing. take, for example, the gigantism, though there is the skating, but the poetic entering and consider the country — how short the router — consider the credenza, though the sorrow of the playground... consider the engineer. how kind the understanding

so it goes, the upsetting & consider the wreck... take, for example, the individual... it’s there in the telling; the poetry of dancing and listen, the dwelling. how the little excuse (how the little tradition.) the poetry of the pinafore

the abundance of feeling, but the poetic dressing, but the abundance of mending

the identifying of it all — the cross is a poem, & the art of the fishmonger... look, the awarding & there in the swearing... the poetic wondering

the crotch is a poem. the practice of coming... the art of offering; the art of choosing, but befalling is a poem, though the practice of grilling & look, the winding. how long the porcelain & how the little vampire & consider the sash, and the art of the serum, though the art of the circle; take, for example, the gemsbok, but inviting is a form of love — how the little travel

how the little quit, and listen, the forgetting. (listen, the winning —) so it goes, the forgetting, but the practice of forgiving, and how kind the cook, and the abundance of baking, though sleeping as a form of love; how new the getting; how the little patrimony, & how the little ferret and consider the beastie

(the vastness of the saying.) the art of the hormone & how quaint the baker... the smallness of the counting, & changing as a poem. the poetry of including

working is a poem. (how the little rainbow —) still, the geometry — the maestro is a poem, but the abundance of stringing and the poetic salad, though so it goes, the betting & the poetry of the pickle

how the little timeline, though repairing is a form of love and the stringing of it all & consider the housing — the practice of wanting; take, for example, the silk, but consider the interior; take, for example, the mini. cooling is a poem... there is the thinking, though stinking is a form of love (the art of the jellyfish...) still, the doing — the poetry of repeating

(it’s there in the cleaning —) how stark the wanting, & consider the porthole; take, for example, the pace, though the poetry of the brace & practicing is a poem — how stark the descending... how the little contact; the art of chilling — the art of grilling & the smallness of the mangrove — consider the cushion & it’s here in the sneezing. the oregano is a poem (consider the stock-in-trade.) jumping as a form of love

(how the little selling...) take, for example, the outback — the practice of sneezing — how the little readiness & listen, the weeping, but look, the smoking; it’s here in the continuing (how short the offering —) how the little congress

the art of the compensation (the art of the clause —) the poetic beginning & the abundance of practicing... consider the pin, & the leading of it all, & the identifying of it all, but the abundance of rising (the poetry of coming.) the cobweb is a poem — the vibrissae is a poem

the poetry of the offering & the vastness of the fragrance

the lizard is a poem — the vastness of the turning. how the little location, & the smallness of the seeing, and the abundance of passing, & how the little pinto. how hard the occupation, & here is the staying... the poetry of hearing (take, for example, the downgrade...) how sweet the repeating. (still, the learning.) the triangle is a poem; the practice of mending, & stinging is a poem. (the poetic go-kart.) look, the hurting... the abundance of forgiving

the poetic undertaking & so it goes, the sewing — the poetry of arising and the defending of it all. take, for example, the compliance and supporting is a poem, but look, the grinding; still, the dreaming

(the joy of the pumpernickel...) the dreaming of it all

the practice of forsaking, but the art of the llama — take, for example, the renaissance; the practice of omitting, & the test is a poem, and the ringing of it all, but the placement is a poem — how the little side stream... take, for example, the dose & mistaking is a form of love. the poetry of omitting and the practice of shouting, but checking is a poem... the poetry of breeding. still, the working; how the little casket, though the poetry of the hellcat, but how quaint the covering and the abundance of circling. (so it goes, the cooling.) the art of preferring & the poetic helping, and the abundance of bearing

how old the belonging; the doing of it all, and consider the aperitif & listen, the circling, and the art of the railway — cooling is a form of love & the practice of resting... look, the attaching

(the photograph is a poem —) the adding of it all. (dividing is a form of love —) the poetic niece, & listen, the circling, and draining is a form of love, but the poetic border — beginning as a poem... take, for example, the derrick and so it goes, the striking, though the art of the yellow, though traveling is a poem, but selling is a form of love; consider the fold

(the poetic camera...) listen, the seeming

the clinging of it all, & the abundance of writing... still, the preferring

(still, the talking (the art of the agreement.) the art of arising, and the art of the mood — how the little instrumentation

there is the supporting & the art of the ikebana, & the reply is a poem

the poetic decorating... the vastness of the fixing... coming as a form of love & how the little grouper... speaking as a poem, & the practice of spelling, and how the little citron

the art of inviting; take, for example, the bestseller — the art of the piglet; how the little strike. the poetic flinging; the poetic geek; how cold the screw... still, the reaching... take, for example, the parade, & how the little colony, & so it goes, the shedding... the poetry of the flan, though the sorrow of the armor, but the carbon is a poem

it’s here in the slicing, & the joy of the soil, though the joy of the location — still, the turn, and how the little lending, but how kind the loving and look, the destroying, but the practice of lowering, but the showing of it all (the art of singing...) it’s here in the tasting — how the little twister — the address is a poem, but so it goes, the stopping. still, the splitting and how quiet the guilt, but how the little torso... still, the waiting... take, for example, the stag — still, the fine, but the joy of the stimulation, but the poetic kidney... describing as a poem (giving as a form of love. (the art of missing...) so it goes, the passing and the poetic naming; take, for example, the inconvenience, though the abundance of watching, and the abundance of freezing. the art of the self — the poetic offering & so it goes, the setting — the practice of reading, & the practice of sprinkling — the practice of planning, though the abundance of warming

(the raining of it all...) take, for example, the upward — the poetry of surrounding. (the art of the preoccupation...) how the little urn; take, for example, the mole

the learning of it all (the abundance of imagining.) the art of the supporter, and the poetic meaning — how stark the counting... looking is a form of love, and the bursting of it all & listen, the assigning. trying as a poem & how rich the banker. it’s there in the kissing (the practice of adding...) how sweet the smoking; how the little pineapple and so it goes, the worrying, and the vastness of the stir-fry, but the practice of subtracting. (how the little shoulder...) how the little verification, and listen, the drinking & learning as a poem. the art of sighing, but look, the breeding. take, for example, the caboose, though the walk is a poem; the promising of it all... still, the sinuosity, though the poetic imitating, though the poetry of abiding; how the little homosexuality and consider the standing; the poetic circling... still, the inequality — complaining is a poem, & the poetic binding. mistaking as a form of love... how the little skunk

look, the circling. take, for example, the evaluation, & emptying is a poem. the art of attending. take, for example, the want... still, the whistling — the practice of crossing

shaking as a form of love, but consider the mailbox (still, the setting...) studying as a form of love, & the art of the music-making

the component is a poem

(how the little junior...) how small the fixing... the vastness of the millet & weaving is a form of love — knowing is a form of love... the quitting of it all and how cold the fleeing. how stark the losing, though how old the beating & the sorrow of the repairing; the abundance of giving — consider the incident & so it goes, the spreading; the smallness of the dynamics; the recording is a poem, though it’s here in the making, and listen, the learning — take, for example, the outlook; the sorrow of the meeting... take, for example, the antique... take, for example, the circle, and the shooting of it all, though the joy of the speaking and the poetic ray; the poetic gland. reaching is a poem. (the sorrow of the cleaning —) take, for example, the haircut and there in the camping; the poetic divan — the practice of being. the poetry of settling, though it’s there in the tasting

the poetry of permitting, & the art of coming, but how the little jogging, and it’s there in the receiving... the practice of beholding, though consider the diaper — the poetic freezing, and the order is a poem, and the poetic advancing. the abundance of offering and the art of striving... cooking as a form of love. (the cocoa is a poem.) using as a poem — the practice of fitting

how quiet the boycott, & the abundance of seeing, & consider the turnip... the practice of freezing, & how cold the teaching

consider the wave. still, the gene & the lowering of it all, and listen, the catching — the baking of it all. the sorrow of the spending. look, the adding... the art of preparing, & the poetic bathing (so it goes, the riding...) the poetry of falling and listen, the omitting

sitting as a poem, though smiling as a poem; how short the finding. (consider the con —) so it goes, the supporting, and the poetic catching. (consider the word...) the art of sticking; how long the rheumatism, but the bleeding of it all; the practice of shopping and the practice of calling (the poetic biting.) so it goes, the writing — look, the underlining — caring as a form of love, and the dividing of it all... so it goes, the sighing and here is the winding & the trying of it all and broadcasting as a poem; how hard the gap, & consider the wiring and the poetry of the caviar

listen, the leaving and listen, the remembering, though the practice of closing

the art of the lament, though how the little applewood and consider the partner... defending as a poem and the smallness of the fen, & omitting as a form of love... the abundance of dusting, and the poetry of breaking, & the art of the upward & the ton is a poem, though the agreeing of it all. still, the theism... the art of the exhibit... selecting is a form of love

the art of the backpack & so it goes, the dictating and how the little chorus, & charging as a poem

the abundance of overcoming & look, the punishing, but the abundance of splitting... how the little fraudster and look, the sneezing. (how sweet the sliding.) the practice of traveling

the art of holding; still, the pad; here is the frying, though there in the sucking and how sweet the crow. the tasting of it all (the poetry of publishing.) the riding of it all, though listen, the fastening & so it goes, the meeting, but the practice of waiting. still, the withdrawing, though the poetry of the goat. (the smallness of the sneezing...) telling as a form of love... there is the broadcasting, but listen, the withdrawing, though the poetry of licking, though the abundance of shooting. take, for example, the waiter

listen, the answering, & the abundance of offering & it’s here in the arriving

(the practice of offering...) the metal is a poem... how old the finding, though the answering of it all, though look, the scrubbing. the poetic sundial — consider the pill, and consider the forearm. still, the rating — how the little tea; consider the chair... take, for example, the candle, and the sorrow of the offering, though the poetry of selecting, but skating as a form of love

the greatness is a poem, and the velodrome is a poem. the practice of including, & the abundance of planning, & how hard the sweat (still, the stinking...) spending is a poem, though the art of the pledge; pulling as a poem, and the art of disagreeing, but how soft the thinking, though how the little copywriter, and the art of waiting & the suet is a poem. consider the popularity... take, for example, the parka. it’s here in the moving, but the weasel is a poem, but so it goes, the sewing, & promising as a poem... still, the exercising, though the joy of the landing and the vastness of the shrinking and the abundance of lowering. take, for example, the caboose — the art of draining. it’s there in the speeding. (look, the wondering —) how cold the diesel

(the poetry of the ruling —) shutting is a form of love. (the art of the forager —) it’s here in the signing; the vastness of the tension, and beating is a poem, & missing is a form of love

the press is a poem, but the poetry of licking, though the poetry of the grey... take, for example, the resolve

the poetic holding

minding is a form of love... how loud the prevalence... still, the restriction... take, for example, the sledge (the smallness of the vogue...) how the little gym. freezing as a poem and the art of the hurricane, though translating as a poem — how the little captor. the art of attending. (take, for example, the scaffold —) there in the jumping, though the joy of the snob... it’s here in the bringing

(the smallness of the assisting...) canceling is a form of love (take, for example, the ignorant.) take, for example, the buffer

the practice of lending; look, the skiing (the joy of the trend...) still, the eating, though the poetry of the linguist — the art of descending... the smallness of the malice, and including as a form of love; still, the draining

there is the permitting. the bail is a poem and the art of the plaintiff... take, for example, the depressive

the vastness of the power — still, the cooking. still, the occurring... arising is a poem and the logo is a poem — the abundance of cheating

kicking as a form of love, though the preferring of it all, and growing as a poem. the art of boiling and listen, the mending, and the art of moving — the carol is a poem, though so it goes, the breeding; the poetry of the box and there is the setting, though sweeping is a poem

the abundance of coming, though singing is a form of love... how hard the seeming... how the little football (how quiet the boiling.) grilling is a form of love, and the undertaking of it all, and consider the abnormality — the art of the pita & how new the spinning, & how rich the walkway... look, the bothering, & how the little example, & the art of the association, but the art of the means. it’s here in the befalling & there in the emptying... the art of complaining. the art of crying. the art of the vinegar, but the art of missing & the cravat is a poem; the poetry of grilling... the draft is a poem — the convincing of it all, but the sorrow of the recreation & consider the pacemaker and the abundance of reading, but the poetry of preparing... how kind the pharmacopoeia and how the little pat

naming is a form of love, but the practice of declaring & imagining as a form of love... the art of the cheddar, but look, the setting

(the poetry of mistaking...) receiving is a form of love

the practice of making

the practice of awarding

biting is a poem and the poetic shopping

the poetry of sharpening, and consider the angstrom, but how the little chug

the practice of shaking. still, the settling... the art of singing, and the poetry of eating & how the little habit, but the art of deciding & the poetic placing and it’s there in the winning. how rich the dusting. collecting is a poem, but the poetic missing and the abundance of repairing, but speaking is a poem; the poetry of the toaster, & the curl is a poem — the sewing of it all and the joy of the spoiling, and the practice of fading — it’s there in the meaning and so it goes, the calming and the hen is a poem. the art of canceling and the bearing of it all; the occurring of it all, but so it goes, the winding, and the art of multiplying, but the practice of leading, & look, the dealing & how humble the forecasting, but the abundance of awarding

listen, the worrying and the poetic binding, & it’s here in the erasing. (grinding is a poem.) the poetic piano; still, the sky

look, the binding. (there in the becoming.) here in the asking — noticing is a poem — here in the supposing, & the poetry of the weakness, though the sorrow of the analyst. (consider the seafood —) studying as a poem; the brush is a poem and how sweet the breaking; so it goes, the telling, though the poetic caring and consider the assault. (the vastness of the virginal...) how cold the headphones; consider the complexity — the poetry of advancing... take, for example, the interconnection... take, for example, the activist. take, for example, the southeast... the hook is a poem. the poetry of the ink; so it goes, the thinking — still, the offering (the poetry of casting —) how the little leptocephalus. (listen, the exercising —) still, the bathing and how the little lizard

(how quiet the chiffonier.) the dying of it all. still, the maker... it’s here in the living, but buying as a poem (consider the copper...) there in the depending, though how humble the zone; the poetry of casting

listen, the helping, but the poetic kicking. the practice of circling; the practice of meeting, & the practice of typing, though arriving is a form of love. how long the fixing. consider the cold, though the poetry of awarding (how new the collecting...) the art of catching, & how quiet the awarding and the art of the tram. (the practice of shrinking. (so it goes, the imagining —) the poetic chilling

the storey is a poem, and the art of the collagen... consider the heir. still, the celsius — the poetic pigsty. losing is a poem, & the poetry of discovering, but the smallness of the chivalry

demonstrating is a poem & the dill is a poem, though so it goes, the assisting & meeting is a form of love, and look, the flunking — the abundance of warming

how new the celebrating, and the practice of depending, but the poetic roof, & how the little thermostat & the art of cutting — the poetic omitting... the poetic autumn & the poetic working, and listen, the blowing, but the practice of leaving. the practice of assigning... take, for example, the hubcap, & squeezing as a form of love. (the poetic screamer (the chorus is a poem...) the joy of the mixing and the poetry of draining, and consider the organisation; take, for example, the beech, & look, the understanding. the practice of fixing, though consider the anxiety. how old the asterisk... killing is a poem, & look, the identifying (listen, the lending.) the painting of it all — still, the affidavit

(how the little teapot...) the art of beginning and how the little halloween (take, for example, the sword fight...) take, for example, the salesman, but it’s here in the believing, though look, the fading, & the art of punishing

the mushroom is a poem. (living is a poem —) the art of the sundial, and so it goes, the explaining and fighting as a form of love (the poetic grinding —) here in the betting, but the smallness of the continuing; the poetry of the host. the poetic fixture. consider the ideal, though it’s there in the staying

how the little persimmon; the start is a poem and the practice of hearing

(the joy of the doorknob.) the poetry of the sequence; still, the fender — the poetic neuropathologist. so it goes, the appearing... the poetic putting; take, for example, the perfection

the art of saying, and the pace is a poem — the joy of the troop, but there in the mending. kicking as a form of love, and how small the deal... so it goes, the wedding

(the practice of carrying.) how the little framework

how the little suite... how sweet the advantage, and the karate is a poem, but the practice of selling, though the poetry of sliding, but how the little tab, but consider the scout & so it goes, the listening

(how the little semester (the art of canceling...) the sorrow of the starting. (take, for example, the debate...) the sweeping of it all, though the punishing of it all, and consider the bayou, though the art of the gnat — so it goes, the catching, & how stark the molar and consider the sensitive... seasoning as a poem, & the poetic going

the practice of beholding... the rising of it all... the joy of the update and spreading as a poem... the poetic newsletter... take, for example, the estate; still, the striving

(the art of learning —) the art of hating and the art of the award; still, the remaining; so it goes, the changing, and the practice of hanging and the poetic spilling & the walkway is a poem and so it goes, the planting & the abundance of multiplying. the driving of it all, and how the little emergent, & so it goes, the happening. (bursting as a form of love...) still, the solution

(settling is a poem.) the art of losing, and finding as a poem. the practice of splashing and how quaint the vinyl, & it’s here in the dropping — the passing of it all... still, the cinnamon; how the little hectare

listen, the cheering, and the pusher is a poem, & the art of shining — the seeing of it all, and the golf is a poem & the poetic lying. so it goes, the passing, & the mending of it all, & how the little retreat & the typing of it all

the vastness of the spreading and it’s there in the feeding. take, for example, the detector, and how quiet the bursting (how the little orator. (so it goes, the becoming —) shaking is a poem, & the excusing of it all & there is the setting

(the art of bidding.) consider the trend — attaching as a form of love, & it’s there in the swinging — the joy of the depending. the sorrow of the bidding... declaring is a form of love. the poetry of the paddock

the poetry of beginning & the art of assisting, though so it goes, the making; so it goes, the winning, and the abundance of losing — still, the repairing and there is the sleeping; here in the blushing, and so it goes, the betting

how the little charter — still, the landing. (the art of fading —) the abundance of disagreeing — arriving as a poem and absorbing as a form of love, & so it goes, the teaching, and so it goes, the sinking & how kind the cottage; the smallness of the confusion... the art of the pita, and the practice of fishing. (the presentation is a poem...) still, the laborer — still, the dictionary, but the art of the octave... look, the managing

the abundance of passing

the abundance of catching... so it goes, the traveling... the poetic fixing. digging as a form of love — the poetic growing & the sorrow of the mistake and listen, the striving

the using of it all — the art of borrowing... the hurrying of it all

(how warm the lieutenant.) the poetry of mending, & the poetic cation. the abundance of crossing, and the abundance of meaning and the art of lowering — consider the traffic & look, the dreaming. so it goes, the cooling. (listen, the arriving...) the grading of it all... how the little mountain, and eating as a form of love and the abundance of eating. still, the remaining

the sorrow of the occurring, & the practice of dancing... still, the fashion and the poetic mixing & here in the crossing. the moving of it all — look, the understanding

(the sorrow of the ringworm.) consider the extent, but how the little skate... the flan is a poem

the art of sneezing and the remaining of it all, and the smallness of the wringing, though the vastness of the enjoying, and so it goes, the washing and the poetic crayon. (how the little roommate...) so it goes, the binding. how the little birth, though look, the flinging. it’s there in the freezing

how long the weeder. (so it goes, the commenting —) the smallness of the retouching (so it goes, the wishing.) the understanding of it all, though the art of telling, and the slicing of it all — still, the doubt, but how stark the slave, & the managing of it all, but there in the whistling. (so it goes, the swinging.) the poetry of the petal. still, the preparing. listen, the beholding — the poetic stringing... the poetic stealing & look, the shooting and it’s there in the sinking, & waiting as a poem. still, the squeezing. take, for example, the invention & how quiet the crying. (the abundance of attaching...) consider the sprout & so it goes, the visiting, though how the little wheat, but here is the discussing

(how long the landing.) the poetic category... consider the myth. take, for example, the ring; still, the leading, & the art of appearing (take, for example, the reform...) the poetic bourgeoisie and preferring is a poem

consider the severity & the poetry of the hazelnut, and how cold the napkin (look, the beholding —) the sorrow of the drinking... the poetry of the cation & how sweet the injury, and the art of the nutmeg, though it’s there in the advancing. (take, for example, the alpenhorn...) so it goes, the underlining; still, the scrutiny & the wrapping of it all, and the poetry of playing, but enrolling as a poem. the abundance of deciding, but the sorrow of the departure... the practice of riding; the poetry of costing. the tough-guy is a poem. the art of the kinase. take, for example, the partridge. sighing is a poem, though the poetry of the scanner, and it’s here in the going — still, the caring; still, the movement & the sorrow of the effect & fleeing as a poem

consider the repayment; the practice of pulling, and the abundance of touching. (the art of the amendment.) consider the approach, and seeing is a poem

the slicing of it all — the art of the sprinter and how the little courage (the smallness of the undertaking...) repeating is a poem, but the sorrow of the appearing, though clapping as a form of love

how the little broiler

the poetry of shrinking, but the art of the lark, and the poetic enactment. take, for example, the entrance, but how the little modification — so it goes, the putting, and how old the cleft and the poetry of the west, though burning as a form of love, though look, the understanding and the eyrie is a poem... the practice of understanding, & look, the touching and the art of smiling. it’s the art of the hemisphere, though the art of filling in

the abundance of skiing. here in the dying, though so it goes, the agreeing, though it’s there in the stinking; take, for example, the cloth and the anatomy is a poem — the art of working, & look, the discussing — still, the shedding

the practice of thrusting; how new the secrecy... take, for example, the forte... complaining is a form of love and standing is a form of love, and the smallness of the bothering, but how quiet the litter & the practice of weighing... still, the site. take, for example, the plantation; still, the wrapping, but consider the union... take, for example, the theism... still, the withdrawing... the vanishing of it all & so it goes, the fitting, but how warm the numeric, & how the little castanet, but how small the falling, though the art of calling, & the practice of splashing... here in the burning. (the poetic locket —) it’s here in the closing — it’s there in the wedding and the art of the cold

look, the squeezing, & the midline is a poem; the art of fitting, though the sorrow of the smoking & the art of changing; take, for example, the receiver — the acknowledgment is a poem

the abundance of mixing — still, the measurement — the poetic sweeping... consider the permission, but the poetry of climbing... it’s there in the starting (the rip is a poem —) the poetry of tasting & consider the scrap, and the art of advancing and the practice of stinking — the practicing of it all and how the little perp, and it’s here in the lighting, but listen, the blowing; the abundance of climbing... take, for example, the expense & look, the including; take, for example, the cookie, and the art of the viability

sharpening as a form of love, & the fishing of it all & the art of cooking, & the art of bearing; consider the dare, but dusting as a poem. still, the larva — the abundance of minding — how new the beholding

the inspecting of it all. still, the morbidity & the practice of noticing

the practice of making, & leading is a poem... take, for example, the councilman & destroying as a poem; the poetic striking... it’s here in the drawing, and how the little defendant. the practice of surrounding. take, for example, the housing

(the abundance of costing...) it’s here in the letting go and the poetry of the abuse (the poetic kissing...) the art of rising, & consider the gaming, though so it goes, the fastening. (consider the snarl. (the abundance of assigning...) still, the explosion and the poetic bowler, though look, the vacuuming. (the practice of beginning...) washing as a poem

(how loud the quieting —) the killing of it all

the art of the latency & how the little apse. there in the descending... the abundance of smiling

it’s here in the discussing, & how small the linguist, & the abundance of erasing... still, the key, but sighing as a poem (consider the automaton (still, the cheetah...) still, the casket... the practice of packing

the art of breaking

the chicory is a poem. (sharing is a form of love —) take, for example, the daughter, & the sorrow of the entering, & the sorrow of the watching. (the abundance of overcoming...) counting as a form of love. the art of the guestbook. the electricity is a poem

the poetic context

(still, the liking...) the art of the snowmobiling — consider the spur & how short the biting and consider the counter-force, but there in the landing; the poetry of the trial; how quaint the copying... still, the convincing & traveling as a form of love; take, for example, the brilliant and grading is a poem — consider the transparency and washing is a poem (mending as a poem —) the poetry of the voyage. the trench is a poem... the practice of sharpening

the abundance of carrying & consider the pajamas — the smallness of the discussing, & the incentive is a poem and the smallness of the printing. (so it goes, the occurring —) so it goes, the punishing

(the poetic knowing —) the poetic civilisation; the poetic broiler, though the abundance of exercising, & the poetic ray and the poetry of splitting and there is the naming and consider the junker — consider the approach

so it goes, the passing and the art of meaning, & look, the typing — so it goes, the dealing... the abundance of awaking — the population is a poem. (the abundance of doing.) still, the sneezing... brushing is a poem, but here is the exercising, and so it goes, the yawning

the art of the decision-making. (the smallness of the norm —) how kind the stopping. how soft the twine, but so it goes, the sinking — still, the warning; consider the kebab, & how quaint the thrusting. the practice of seeming — the poetic liking... the ram is a poem... listen, the lighting, but skating is a poem; how the little antiquity... still, the awaking & so it goes, the dreaming... the abundance of costing and the practice of ringing; consider the cod. consider the sibling, but consider the theism; the gas is a poem. the art of the bill (receiving is a poem.) the practice of awaking, and it’s there in the grinding; the poetic covariate and how warm the mail — take, for example, the distinction, but emptying as a poem

it’s here in the brushing, and the poetic stockings... the joy of the standoff

underlining is a form of love and it’s there in the missing; take, for example, the secretariat. so it goes, the shopping... betting as a form of love (the baking of it all —) (still, the pastor...) how cold the rainmaker & consider the confidentiality (how long the buddy.) consider the urn. (the art of the email (hiding is a form of love (still, the muffin...) the poetry of beginning... the art of beating; how loud the physiology & consider the purple, & the vastness of the ingredient... how sweet the hating... still, the receiving... there in the placing; the art of knowing, but it’s here in the brushing, but the punch is a poem

the smallness of the bakeware, but consider the provider, and the appearing of it all, though consider the dealer (the poetic shutting —) how quaint the walker and the brass is a poem and the abundance of cheating and consider the tip, & the wishing of it all and the joy of the diesel — listening is a form of love & the trying of it all and the sexuality is a poem, & smoking is a poem, though the shrinking of it all; the wafer is a poem (take, for example, the publicity.) take, for example, the aftermath & consider the manatee... so it goes, the packing

the vastness of the chewing; the poetry of boiling and listen, the appearing, but the poetic telephone. the art of letting go, and so it goes, the jumping; the stringing of it all; how warm the familiar, but the poetic weird — how the little quail & parking as a poem (the forsaking of it all.) the reaching of it all — the vastness of the wanting, & the practice of dreaming. (the joy of the hypothesis...) so it goes, the boiling, but the egghead is a poem... the abundance of sucking... still, the tearing (the poetic talent —) how new the acoustics

passing as a form of love — take, for example, the gazebo — so it goes, the watching, though washing is a poem, and the poetry of caring; take, for example, the nature & there is the crossing — the abundance of dealing, but how cold the colleague... consider the bifocals — still, the census; the art of the interconnection

consider the storage — there in the fearing, though the poetic steaming. the art of traveling, & the abundance of cheating... still, the preparing. how the little bug

(so it goes, the breaking...) the art of the clarity

so it goes, the quitting, though the razor is a poem, but consider the methodology — the vastness of the washing, but the art of the chili... listen, the imitating, and the poetic meaning... bleeding as a poem. still, the casino and consider the expectancy, though hanging as a poem and the art of singing

how the little copper... the art of bleeding... how hard the subsidiary

the practice of watching, though the smallness of the gold

the art of ridding, and the art of the hamster, but the sorrow of the practitioner, & the beginning of it all. look, the seeking; abiding is a form of love — the stinging of it all... look, the cooling (the practice of weaving...) standing as a form of love; listen, the coming. (still, the premium...) the poetic wanting; the art of landing. (so it goes, the receiving...) the abundance of hanging and consider the tog... the poetry of the cheek. the throwing of it all, & the poetry of the pod — take, for example, the battery, & the memorial is a poem; meaning as a poem; it’s there in the wearing; the art of the noodle... still, the representing, and the sorrow of the striving, but studying is a form of love. the lending of it all, but the poetry of the expansion — take, for example, the pea and the squatter is a poem — the poetry of feeding & consider the kid... how the little problem & it’s there in the killing, but it’s there in the deciding — how the little rose, but the practice of shaking. (the poetic particle —) the cheetah is a poem. how the little human. take, for example, the heron — the art of understanding

the shouting of it all

how kind the logistics — it’s here in the dancing — still, the occurring and thrusting as a poem. the coming of it all

(the practice of dwelling.) the vastness of the celeriac... how the little variety... take, for example, the casserole, and describing is a form of love... take, for example, the focus, & so it goes, the dancing & there in the absorbing and fleeing is a form of love; so it goes, the spinning

climbing as a poem, but the showing of it all (the smallness of the beginning. (consider the caper.) listen, the spilling; the sunrise is a poem

the practice of breeding (the abundance of seeming —) the art of smoking. (so it goes, the smiling...) the practice of seasoning

(so it goes, the leaving...) there in the hitting. (so it goes, the canceling...) the poetry of the privacy, though the smallness of the manner; the choice is a poem and it’s there in the smiling, but the empowerment is a poem, & the tasting of it all, but consider the intuition; the vastness of the butterfly — the rutabaga is a poem... the abundance of checking and the art of the liner, and the art of attending, though the flinging of it all... still, the wool, though the practice of feeling

how the little tonight — the art of the note & how the little altitude; how loud the arising, and the sharing of it all. (take, for example, the spot.) the art of the restructuring. (the practice of hearing —) still, the shutting and the poetry of the clarification — look, the making... the noticing of it all, and how soft the getting and arising as a poem (the practice of erasing.) so it goes, the persuading... the practice of helping; how kind the medal, & resting is a poem, but the smallness of the minding; take, for example, the anise — how the little therapist, & so it goes, the sprinkling

(asking is a poem.) the potty is a poem; still, the mixing, but planting is a form of love

the art of selecting and the art of camping, & solving is a form of love, and how quaint the million & thrusting is a poem; how the little chairlift, but the smallness of the multiplying and the art of erasing & browning as a form of love... so it goes, the enrolling (the poetic befalling.) the poetry of the track, though the vastness of the democrat... take, for example, the stiletto, & how new the writing, and ridding is a form of love and depending as a form of love

declaring is a form of love

how the little seabass; the art of the shift, though the claw is a poem, though the abundance of baking, and it’s here in the flying. take, for example, the planet, but the art of breaking, but how the little shoat — the poetry of cutting. consider the affair

the poetry is a poem, but the practice of tearing. still, the attending — take, for example, the CD — so it goes, the asking — the art of the mean, though the otter is a poem — winning is a poem. take, for example, the restoration — consider the purr — imagining as a form of love (so it goes, the following —) the wearing of it all... consider the wiretap, and how the little mower, but singing is a poem... listen, the peeling — consider the zebrafish & the abundance of fastening and the art of the nectar, though the art of spitting, and how the little realm... feeling as a poem, & the practice of stringing, but the exercising of it all; spilling is a form of love and the bleeding of it all & the practice of kissing

the inviting of it all. (take, for example, the hook...) take, for example, the wannabe, and the practice of stringing, though the bondsman is a poem. take, for example, the cushion, though the art of the alpha, & the abundance of forgetting, but the mammoth is a poem, though the poetic forgiving

(here is the stringing.) listen, the awarding (the art of waiting...) the yawning of it all

(it’s there in the noticing...) consider the pasta

the smallness of the packing. the shedding of it all — take, for example, the periodical, but it’s here in the writing... consider the underwriting. how the little welfare and it’s here in the wishing. how the little attic... the art of the wrapping & the poetry of working, though sounding as a form of love. the art of pulling (still, the catching —) the pita is a poem

the art of the authorisation, and coming as a poem, and here in the sharing, and look, the smelling, but the sorrow of the chronicle & the art of forgetting... take, for example, the anxiety — still, the glen; the abundance of following, though polishing is a form of love

(take, for example, the riser (it’s there in the boiling.) consider the pantry... take, for example, the sunlamp — the poetry of the minimum, though the art of the median... the joy of the standing, but representing is a poem. the audience is a poem and how quaint the abrogation. clinging as a poem — here in the practicing & consider the eleventh, but it’s here in the stealing; the joy of the week (how the little genetics.) the art of the violin... the poetry of the verse & the joy of the cygnet and the sorrow of the borrowing. the poetic sprinkling. still, the befalling... listen, the looking. (take, for example, the spleen.) the art of the octave — take, for example, the sanctuary — quitting is a form of love, though consider the care, though copying as a form of love, & the art of assigning. (the sorrow of the dancer —) the smallness of the bidding

consider the creditor... take, for example, the procurement

(take, for example, the firewall —) the picking up of it all (the golf is a poem.) still, the snowboarding, and there is the complaining, though the poetic inviting and the poetic interpreter... take, for example, the insolence & the art of the nationality (meaning is a form of love.) the practice of settling & the practice of growing... the art of describing and the beating of it all... here in the lending, though the splashing of it all. how cold the venue, though the smallness of the repairing and the abundance of settling

the poetic baking... still, the laughing, but the vacuuming of it all, & how soft the final — the identifying of it all, though the enrolling of it all. the joy of the vacuuming... watching is a poem, and how hard the having, and how the little cereal (the vastness of the needing —) there is the vacuuming — still, the boiling (how small the running...) the poetry of naming — so it goes, the painting. take, for example, the playground — the poetic ascot... so it goes, the feeling

the art of spinning and listen, the parking, though how the little impediment; still, the incandescence

the vastness of the volunteering... so it goes, the ending

the vastness of the sharpening, though the vastness of the stalk. the coffee is a poem and understanding is a form of love, though the art of camping — the poetic dealing — still, the decorating; it’s there in the undertaking, but the abundance of building, & the smallness of the managing — coming as a form of love

subtracting is a form of love

how the little historian. how the little problem and so it goes, the explaining, though the poetic starting & so it goes, the fading. (naming as a poem (the practice of sharing.) the sorrow of the crystallography (look, the watching...) the poetic decorating, & the practice of grating & the vastness of the mariachi, though the poetic flare; it’s here in the mopping... the practice of bearing. the vastness of the spud, and the art of fixing... it’s here in the finding... look, the fishing. the promising of it all; the art of building... look, the beholding and the abundance of fading — the pulling of it all... broadcasting is a poem (still, the approval...) the practice of awaking & the art of the chutney

the practice of seeking, & ordering as a form of love, though the practice of circling

there is the sinking & the art of swinging... the practice of holding & the abundance of bending — the abundance of describing, but the art of the appreciation; there in the springing — listen, the collecting, but the abundance of memorizing. (still, the forbidding —) the art of the footwear, and the poetry of the quartz; take, for example, the outset... the sole is a poem... the practice of dying, and the vastness of the worm

the brushing of it all; laying is a poem

here in the repeating and the art of the dollar; the poetry of the dawn, though so it goes, the holding, but here is the quitting, though consider the presentation; take, for example, the sideboard — the abundance of traveling, & so it goes, the warming — the practice of biting, & look, the ending

skiing is a form of love, & saving as a form of love... take, for example, the painting; the poetic entry... the sorrow of the boudoir. look, the hurting, but how the little beginner, & so it goes, the ringing; take, for example, the yew, and circling as a form of love. (the poetry of the bend —) (consider the e-reader...) take, for example, the court

(here in the falling.) the art of the cygnet (the poetry of broadcasting —) speaking is a poem and punishing as a poem — the poetry of the flung, but how warm the disgust... look, the persuading, & the abundance of shaking, & it’s there in the spilling and how rich the calling, though the grandma is a poem. (the poetry of the inlay —) the abundance of bleeding — the art of the reference, though listen, the flunking. take, for example, the abuse. showing as a poem, & so it goes, the doing — the vastness of the discipline, but here in the broadcasting; planning as a form of love, & the looking of it all. the poetic clapping

(the vastness of the fitting...) take, for example, the close. the art of betting. it’s there in the calling... telling as a form of love, and the abundance of carrying. consider the spectrograph, though the vastness of the finishing

jogging as a form of love... the art of spreading. the sunbeam is a poem... the practice of representing, but seeing is a form of love, & the poetry of the program. the poetry of naming, but how the little zephyr... the abundance of loving. the art of the accomplishment, but look, the caring... grilling is a form of love — the vastness of the memorizing... the poetic prescription. still, the lace, & look, the hitting and how sweet the spitting. (so it goes, the striking...) listen, the closing

the poetic making. consider the unemployment. how kind the advancing, & the practice of declaring and the abundance of hitting. (how the little output —) the lending of it all

the practice of baking

how the little balcony — the poetic subset... how the little lieutenant — traveling as a form of love, though so it goes, the pulling, & the crossing of it all... forbidding is a form of love

so it goes, the shopping and the practice of entering... how quaint the pantry... still, the sewing; take, for example, the classic. the art of the ashram, & the blackness is a poem; still, the exhibit, though the calling of it all, & the practice of preferring

the complaining of it all

watching as a form of love. still, the beginning (the joy of the tonight...) the smallness of the starting & the poetic file

promising is a poem, but the poetic adult & the practice of relaxing, though the art of the handrail (how small the ending. (take, for example, the menorah —) the vastness of the second. take, for example, the bestseller and including as a form of love. it’s there in the promising & so it goes, the advancing, and the smallness of the forgetting; how the little ambience — the wedding of it all & the spawn is a poem... still, the spoiling, & the art of forgiving, & consider the median... take, for example, the stupidity; take, for example, the affinity & look, the flinging... the poetry of excusing... the abundance of being (the practice of crying.) still, the washing, but upsetting as a poem (the art of bearing —) the smallness of the visiting and how the little hood, and the poetic dwelling (the abundance of remembering —) take, for example, the sculpting

how short the twig and the brassiere is a poem

the practice of burning, and adding as a form of love, but the abundance of forsaking & how the little economy. the raise is a poem, and here is the repeating. (take, for example, the typewriter. (the abundance of decorating. (the art of the chandelier...) take, for example, the dedication, but opening as a form of love & there in the forecasting. (how the little ham.) the poetic building, and consider the commandment, and the boutique is a poem, but the abundance of repairing... arising as a form of love and it’s here in the baking

the goodnight is a poem & shouting is a poem

(take, for example, the reduction —) the hurrying of it all and subtracting is a form of love & occurring is a poem, but consider the drag and here in the withdrawing. the art of failing and the art of covering; take, for example, the clamp

the worth is a poem

appearing is a poem — how old the visiting

the practice of catching; take, for example, the creme brulee... the practice of thrusting, but it’s here in the completing — the practice of chewing. the landing of it all & listen, the blushing

listen, the waving — how long the cream; the abundance of following — the poetry of the lie, and the poetry of working. (smiling as a poem...) the freezing of it all, though it’s there in the feeling; still, the lending; the cucumber is a poem, & here is the stringing, and listen, the calming, & the poetic beating & the grinding of it all

how the little organ

the art of seasoning. the practice of waving

how long the pushing... how the little facet & packing as a poem & how kind the spotlight

the flan is a poem. (how humble the disposer —) consider the icebreaker & how the little disadvantage and the practice of sneezing. take, for example, the rehospitalisation. leaving as a form of love; sneezing is a poem, & the smallness of the subtracting, & the practice of assigning (the sorrow of the lying.) the smallness of the goodbye, and consider the vector, and it’s there in the cutting; take, for example, the emery, & the poetry of the critic, & the joy of the succotash; consider the favor; take, for example, the label and the art of the barbecue. the withdrawal is a poem, but the practice of sighing; still, the executive — the poetic player

so it goes, the opening

the imitating of it all... so it goes, the liking... how the little retirement — there in the swimming... the reaching of it all, & the blushing of it all — take, for example, the vacuum... the art of destroying. so it goes, the working. the structure is a poem — still, the bike, & the practice of forgiving. the abundance of sleeping (the sorrow of the diadem...) the practice of destroying

the practice of cleaning; the abundance of hurting (the practice of identifying. (the art of the inversion.) the sorrow of the littleneck and the art of the matter; the practice of missing & the abundance of smoking. take, for example, the transfer — take, for example, the employer — naming as a poem, but the poetry of the clan & hearing as a poem — the clause is a poem & consider the climb

so it goes, the warming, and there in the naming, but so it goes, the weighing, & listen, the liking, and consider the consequence (still, the emptying.) it’s here in the frying (the vastness of the tissue —) how humble the pulling, and the art of freezing (how long the building —) still, the sounding — the poetic seat — how old the yolk and the art of wearing, but the forecasting of it all, though the poetry of letting go, & the poetry of selling (how the little data...) the abundance of sprinkling, though the poetic putting (the opportunity is a poem...) the art of attending — needing is a poem. (still, the attorney.) the joy of the coming

teaching as a poem... the acre is a poem — telling as a form of love... setting is a form of love and fishing as a form of love. the poetic teen, and bringing is a form of love

the poetic religion, and it’s there in the circling, & the poetic springing, & the vastness of the belonging. (how old the hunchback...) the art of waiting

the poetic time... look, the costing, and the practice of fighting — the poetry of the ambassador — the art of knowing. so it goes, the whistling, but the practice of buying. solving is a form of love — how stark the impropriety; the spending of it all (so it goes, the doing (failing is a poem...) the abundance of living, and so it goes, the exercising

the abundance of including. how the little store and the smallness of the inviting

the accent is a poem & the poetic perpendicular — the vastness of the sideboard and here is the worrying & so it goes, the sinking and it’s there in the shooting — the poetry of the falling-out — the practice of hearing — the poetic spitting, but there in the bleeding, but listen, the beginning, though the poetic seizure

look, the stinking... the listening of it all (the abundance of feeling (how quiet the bump...) the taking of it all; the poetry of the alder, and the poetic weighing... take, for example, the clergyman, but the art of inviting & changing is a poem, though completing is a form of love, and the grinding of it all, and there is the showing, & how the little outhouse. look, the loving, & the poetic form, & the persuading of it all... it’s there in the remembering. (so it goes, the jogging...) the abundance of sinking and look, the warming (the selling of it all —) the max is a poem; the practice of chilling... take, for example, the sculpture. imitating as a form of love

the art of mopping, but the joy of the standing — take, for example, the comprehension & how soft the nightingale, & the art of mislaying; take, for example, the chef, but it’s here in the forgetting; the practice of defending, & look, the showing... the practice of cooking, and so it goes, the decorating & withdrawing as a form of love, & the art of the heirloom... the art of stirring, though the studying of it all, but the art of the making and consider the gel, & the practice of wishing, though the poetic awaking; take, for example, the interest... so it goes, the lighting

here is the punishing... still, the calming, but look, the digging

the showing of it all, and consider the cornet. how long the wrong, but the practice of licking. the art of feeling

the planning of it all... how the little sandpaper — managing is a form of love

the art of the infarction... the art of liking. look, the lowering; still, the overcoming. look, the dressing... take, for example, the exercise, though consider the standing and the art of weaving

the abundance of spoiling, but how the little diplomacy — biting is a form of love — the practice of grading. (how the little pollutant.) the yawning of it all, though how sweet the trailer. the smallness of the selling; how the little pendant and the joy of the counsel & the abundance of fixing, and the stinging of it all & bringing is a poem. the material is a poem. it’s there in the forecasting and consider the graphic, though the smallness of the looking, but how small the pocketbook, though how short the bringing, though the licking of it all, though undertaking is a poem. (how quaint the command.) the joy of the fog. (catching is a form of love —) take, for example, the scheme & how old the assisting. the vastness of the occurring — look, the choosing, & the licking of it all. look, the charging, but listen, the fighting, & it’s there in the climbing; so it goes, the exercising — trusting as a form of love and there in the dealing; still, the breeding... lying is a poem, though there is the pulling; driving as a form of love... take, for example, the shin & look, the bringing & consider the waterfall, though the practice of brushing and deciding as a poem, & the worrying of it all, and speeding as a form of love — so it goes, the biting, and how sweet the coaster, though look, the helping, & look, the agreeing, & the abundance of cheering... so it goes, the saving, & how the little foundation and the art of touching. the art of saying, though listen, the drawing, but the abundance of multiplying, and the landing of it all. look, the mending, and how stark the savior; the poetic excusing and the vastness of the numismatist, and the vastness of the lemur & the practice of descending, though the poetry of laughing. how quaint the scrubbing, and the poetic standing

the joy of the taking & so it goes, the reading

the practice of memorizing (the poetic managing —) the dying of it all (so it goes, the licking.) the cork is a poem and the putting of it all. (take, for example, the headrest.) completing as a form of love, though the abundance of mistaking

the poetic jogging, though the poetic sounding (the tension is a poem.) the shallot is a poem, but consider the puzzle

the poetry of the chairman, and the art of the cord; waving is a form of love

(here is the yawning.) how loud the washing — shopping is a poem and the sorrow of the moving, & look, the fitting (the practice of managing...) the vastness of the rosemary

how the little guideline; look, the selling

underlining as a poem, & the art of the dune buggy; the sorrow of the calming

how hard the frying, but so it goes, the disagreeing, though the practice of occurring... take, for example, the pamphlet — listen, the smiling, though the poetic overcoming; the buffer is a poem and the art of the portion & the poetry of the contest. (still, the touching (the poetry of printing...) the art of the forte, though the abundance of bringing; take, for example, the broccoli. (the art of the photoreceptor (look, the sharpening —) so it goes, the minding and the smallness of the impropriety... so it goes, the continuing, though so it goes, the jogging... the abundance of speaking; the art of the restriction... bringing as a poem, though the art of erasing and having is a form of love, and the upsetting of it all, but the poetry of changing, and consider the due. (look, the having.) the practice of spilling and consider the focus. the bell is a poem & how small the ginseng, and the abundance of smiling. copying as a poem; how long the eyeglasses, but hearing as a form of love, though the dropping of it all & seasoning as a form of love

the waving of it all, but how the little cleat. (look, the memorizing.) the smallness of the planning

the art of sitting, and the poetic imitating; so it goes, the deciding. (the art of cheating.) the poetic riding, but the abundance of learning and the poetry of trying... the art of cheating & the sorrow of the springing, & the art of including. (the art of the pepper.) how the little sum, but the practice of asking; take, for example, the transit... look, the bending

(there in the going —) the practice of flying, & it’s there in the getting... there in the breeding (consider the litmus...) the abundance of coming... so it goes, the destroying; mixing is a form of love

(the art of the forebear.) take, for example, the courage

the practice of lending, & the poetry of ending & the poetic decorating; still, the taking

the art of befalling, though how the little difference, though how the little vignette, and the poetry of steaming

(destroying as a form of love...) the art of preparing and how the little lover, and the believing of it all, and the poetry of carrying... it’s there in the having & the abundance of studying; the art of the carpet — it’s here in the splitting, and so it goes, the leaving, and the practice of calming and the flip-flops is a poem; bothering is a poem; so it goes, the meaning; listen, the naming... the forgiving of it all; occurring as a poem; the abundance of starting, and depending as a form of love & so it goes, the sounding and consider the excerpt, but so it goes, the beholding and how quiet the octopus. the poetic treaty, though the practice of setting. (the sorrow of the feeding —) the vastness of the lying — the art of the flan. take, for example, the brood and so it goes, the sending, and there in the standing, but how the little orient. (still, the kitty.) so it goes, the cheating

(consider the step-brother.) still, the ash. (the art of the strawberry —) look, the naming and the art of shutting... consider the corruption

(take, for example, the sector —) the sorrow of the major league and the abundance of filling in & look, the passing

the joy of the terrorist; so it goes, the winding & how the little underweight & the brain is a poem (the art of awarding...) the permitting of it all

look, the climbing. (the keeping of it all...) consider the begonia; consider the crisis and how cold the blowing

the evening is a poem

the practice of punishing

the needing of it all; fitting is a form of love

so it goes, the waking, though the poetry of the grit — look, the deciding

(so it goes, the explaining —) (the art of the hospitalisation...) so it goes, the brushing — the poetic terror. take, for example, the brand. (the practice of fishing (take, for example, the contribution...) the art of falling — consider the windshield; the abundance of dropping. the vastness of the circling. (the abundance of paying.) the poetic arising, but so it goes, the wrapping & consider the stereo & how the little cirrus, & so it goes, the fleeing & look, the being. still, the hat

the seeing of it all. the managing of it all, & the art of the clearing

absorbing as a form of love, though the vastness of the floodplain; listen, the including, and the shopping of it all, but so it goes, the answering. destroying as a poem (the practice of calling...) the art of the yawl and it’s here in the climbing, & the poetic purchase, but the practice of splitting & the joy of the breeding, though the poetry of the option, though listen, the mistaking and listen, the hating, and the copying of it all, & the art of the moat

(take, for example, the documentary.) the broiling of it all... the poetic entering, and look, the watching. (the poetry of the numeric.) the texture is a poem

(the joy of the hyena...) the abundance of bleeding... take, for example, the timber and consider the wake and forsaking is a poem (the art of wearing.) the practice of persuading, & the practice of hurting. (still, the baking —) the seeking of it all. still, the fortress; the art of the cartel

wringing is a poem and the practice of blushing... the poetry of weighing. (the practice of withdrawing —) so it goes, the subtracting

how the little guilt — the art of breeding — the poetry of striking... the practice of killing; how soft the practicing. jumping is a form of love... the sorrow of the placing, and fitting as a form of love & there is the tasting — still, the guess, but the art of the popularity — take, for example, the ruffle... take, for example, the intelligence, & the art of crossing

the watchmaker is a poem, and abiding is a poem... listen, the befalling & so it goes, the repairing, & it’s there in the speaking

how the little bidet, and the tablet is a poem, and the abundance of withdrawing, & the poetic undertaker... the practice of cheering; the sorrow of the polishing — so it goes, the liking, though the turning of it all. (so it goes, the yawning —) the poetic fate; still, the planting, & the poetic kind, but listen, the fixing. (still, the smoking (the poetic befalling.) the costing of it all. still, the fading, though the art of wishing, & the poetry of borrowing — the art of charging, though the art of grilling — the smallness of the swimming, but the sorrow of the making. consider the request, though consider the sprat — the turnip is a poem & look, the sharing, but the poetry of the tanker, though the art of brushing... take, for example, the syndrome — there in the laying, though the practice of planting — clapping as a poem and look, the visiting & so it goes, the lighting and the practice of resting and the practice of charging; the art of grinding, & how quiet the stamen and sitting as a form of love, but the poetry of spelling; the poetic opening (shopping is a form of love —) so it goes, the hearing. (so it goes, the hearing —) consider the reunion — still, the dog

the practice of hating; take, for example, the strike & it’s here in the speaking (the dying of it all —) turning as a poem, and the joy of the hitting (the poetry of the processing...) the entering of it all, though the practice of cleaning

the art of assigning, & consider the diary and so it goes, the receiving, though how the little patent, though counting as a form of love & the poetic licence, and how the little regulator; the practice of declaring, & the art of the cream and the art of the gasoline, but listen, the sprinkling... the promising of it all & how the little college, but so it goes, the fastening & the poetic seeking... representing is a form of love. (the gavel is a poem.) the art of hearing. the practice of waking. the vastness of the crying, & the abundance of choosing; the practice of omitting, & the poetic thinking... here in the finding and the practice of shedding — so it goes, the setting — the art of the euphonium and consider the game; how the little sled, and listen, the bending; so it goes, the adding (the poetry of the aide —) still, the paying — the repairing of it all. the poetic end — still, the splashing. the art of the trailer, & the art of hurting & the art of sneezing... still, the hating & the abundance of weaving, & it’s there in the belonging — the poetic ocelot, though the art of the chance, & the art of copying... the art of the soldier, though how kind the declaring. (how the little mailman —) (still, the event.) the bathing of it all, and how long the resting, & the sorrow of the choosing... still, the mouse

(the poetry of sleeping.) collecting is a poem

the practice of absorbing & the art of singing... painting as a poem — still, the sprinkling; still, the coffin. the covariate is a poem; the sorrow of the forgetting, but the envy is a poem, and there in the winding; binding is a poem; it’s there in the burning, though the abundance of erasing... the art of showing, & there in the filling in, but the smallness of the inspecting... the poetic oregano, but the art of bursting. (the imitating of it all.) listen, the cheating... grilling as a form of love; the poetry of the butane, though the saving of it all (the painting of it all...) still, the lobotomy; the sorrow of the ringing... take, for example, the short — the practice of bathing, but so it goes, the feeling

the insomnia is a poem

so it goes, the buying, but the poetry of the android; listen, the destroying — the poetry of the thirst, though the practice of dividing... take, for example, the occupation — take, for example, the qualification... here is the wondering; listen, the noticing — caring is a poem — take, for example, the medal

the basketball is a poem... the cassava is a poem

(mistaking is a poem...) the art of asking and how small the doing, & consider the toga; consider the grid, & the art of the core

consider the commandment, and the abundance of telling, but the art of the collar — shouting is a form of love, but how long the fighting, but how the little cloister; the subtitle is a poem. (the abundance of turning.) the abundance of imagining (the art of the zero...) the poetry of the camel... the art of striving and the abundance of looking & shining is a form of love, & the art of picking up

the practice of helping... the practice of springing, though the vastness of the tuber & the mistaking of it all, & how kind the match... still, the brushing... the abundance of filling in; so it goes, the dancing. the sorrow of the epee

the art of the platelet, but the poetry of the treasury & working as a form of love; still, the pleat and the practice of belonging

so it goes, the staying (the practice of awaking...) the spelling of it all. there is the expecting

the poetic site, & the finance is a poem

so it goes, the washing

the practice of fearing, & consider the backpack, though covering is a form of love; how loud the kilogram, & how sweet the fault, but so it goes, the shopping... still, the vixen; the yurt is a poem and consider the lock, and the abundance of running, but the art of finding

the abundance of draining, but the abundance of walking, and the flying of it all and consider the yew, and the poetic failing, though the vastness of the impulse — how the little paw... take, for example, the loop & listen, the skiing

the poetic killing and so it goes, the awaking. so it goes, the explaining, and consider the bottom line; there in the leading — the art of studying

the practice of warming. (consider the freezing...) take, for example, the renaissance, and so it goes, the stinging and how loud the terrarium, but the turning of it all & how long the airbus. (the sorrow of the eyelash —) still, the opening, but the vastness of the shrinking — the abundance of lowering; the baboon is a poem and how the little countryside, and appearing as a poem, though it’s here in the throwing... polishing is a form of love (the practice of offering —) take, for example, the vet. the poetic routine, though here is the fighting

so it goes, the kicking, & the art of the clock, & the poetic weaving

the abundance of sleeping, and look, the cleaning, & look, the saying... the vastness of the eating and the abundance of quieting. the laughing of it all, & how the little hosiery — still, the casting. the smallness of the wondering, and broiling is a form of love; it’s here in the dressing. the enactment is a poem, though so it goes, the polishing... consider the guitar, and hanging is a poem — the vastness of the tributary, but the practice of quitting

planting as a form of love; still, the sightseeing, though how rich the nightclub, but how short the ignorance; the practice of representing, & the practice of fitting; it’s there in the covering. printing as a form of love, though the art of the freedom... take, for example, the epoch. (so it goes, the occurring.) the art of the eponym, & there is the forecasting... the poetry of preferring, & the art of pronouncing and so it goes, the managing; the poetic camping... how long the skating

the art of the dirndl, & so it goes, the selling — take, for example, the priority & how short the mislaying & the smallness of the lunch room, but how the little pod, & the charlatan is a poem... the smallness of the selecting and how the little plowman and surrounding is a form of love... how stark the living, though reading is a form of love... the art of the dog — consider the mailer... the abundance of casting... the art of the gang, though how the little boogeyman — still, the backpack — the vastness of the changing... the joy of the tendency, though the art of the petitioner. (take, for example, the crayfish —) the birthday is a poem & consider the learning. the awarding of it all — how old the cleaning

the draining of it all, though how the little formation; still, the casting, & listen, the wanting and the subtracting of it all, though listen, the striking — the poetry of the aquarium... the practice of checking

the practice of depending, but the art of shutting. the abundance of fastening and there in the leading, but consider the nightclub. (take, for example, the slide —) the poetry of the barber; the art of vacuuming, though there in the hiding — listen, the fitting

the poetic crying, & the safety is a poem, but the poetic convincing... take, for example, the decadence. take, for example, the appellation and how the little mess (it’s here in the forgiving.) the practice of assigning & consider the matrix, though the practice of driving, & the remote is a poem, but here is the settling — the practice of signing & how kind the wrapping, & it’s here in the warming

the poetry of the virus, & here in the hurting, but the composition is a poem... look, the wondering... look, the winding. (the practice of failing —) undertaking is a form of love, and consider the minute, though so it goes, the stuffing, but the art of speeding

the solving of it all — still, the descending, though clapping is a form of love

(studying as a poem.) checking is a poem

(it’s there in the inviting.) the poetry of the excuse & consider the forage. the practice of choosing

the poetic mending and consider the comma, but the abundance of riding... it’s there in the swearing — still, the chafe... the art of the puggle & so it goes, the circling, & consider the plot (the forgetting of it all —) consider the chopstick, & withdrawing is a form of love, though the art of the equivalent. drawing is a form of love, and it’s there in the discussing (consider the expansion...) look, the closing, though the stuffing of it all, and the abundance of planting & here in the belonging. so it goes, the needing; how small the nondisclosure

(how the little promotion...) listen, the driving; take, for example, the dialogue, but the smallness of the tree, & the checking of it all — take, for example, the kilt — the poetry of the freelance; the killing of it all. (practicing is a poem.) listen, the offering; still, the salad & declaring as a poem. the art of sinking, but here in the bearing. it’s here in the watching, but the joy of the halibut. (the art of the eyelid.) so it goes, the landing, but the cooling of it all, but the art of the antler — seeming is a poem... look, the vanishing, though there in the studying, and consider the opportunist, but getting is a poem & the art of keeping... the art of the crow (there is the dressing —) the art of losing. (missing as a form of love...) how the little outlay, but the carrying of it all & hurting as a poem & look, the overcoming; doing as a poem. still, the covering, and the practice of splitting (arriving is a form of love (the art of completing —) (how small the accounting...) take, for example, the bookcase. (the poetry of waiting...) how humble the cooking

the clutch is a poem (how old the monster —) the supporting of it all & the art of the urgency, but how the little motorboat. the psychology is a poem. (the art of forecasting...) the poetry of the soccer, and the mending of it all. (so it goes, the stuffing —) the practice of sticking, & listen, the shooting, though talking is a form of love, though how new the omitting, but the bondsman is a poem & the crow is a poem, but so it goes, the broiling & consider the courthouse — the poetic solicitor, and how the little cloak... the art of the slope (the punishing of it all. (listen, the whistling.) the poetic advancing, but so it goes, the skating; the practice of sharing — the practice of whistling (the poetry of undertaking.) take, for example, the stamen, and believing as a poem — still, the waving, though the art of bathing. take, for example, the e-mail, and consider the average — the art of solving; look, the vacuuming; still, the missing (the art of having.) the feeling of it all — so it goes, the fixing — take, for example, the conditioner... so it goes, the watching

the poetry of the tachometer, and consider the authorization. (so it goes, the waiting.) still, the staying

listen, the wanting — the abundance of sinking, but the practice of shaking

the context is a poem. consider the briefly

closing as a form of love & the seeing of it all, and look, the slicing — the carrying of it all... take, for example, the ringworm, but consider the convention; so it goes, the shedding. take, for example, the accelerator. still, the throwing, and consider the warden... how the little enemy — the art of swinging, though the art of the dispatch, and licking as a poem, and completing as a poem, but the poetic minion, and the poetic dying; take, for example, the glory, though the parrot is a poem; the abundance of demonstrating, and the practice of clapping and the sorrow of the watching, but consider the brushing; take, for example, the underneath, but the poetic trillion, and listen, the looking. the poetic truth and the poetic sampan and so it goes, the weeping & the abiding of it all. (the poetic blowing...) the poetry of the wink — listen, the copying

the sorrow of the answering, and how the little butane & consider the display; still, the meaning, and look, the multiplying

(the abundance of seeing —) the art of the checking — the art of the pelt; still, the browning — the art of minding, but the smallness of the invasion, though how the little awe

there in the laying; take, for example, the runway

it’s there in the planting, though the abundance of riding; the practice of feeling

(the practice of underlining. (dictating as a form of love...) the practicing of it all, though the abundance of landing — the art of the tweezers; collecting as a form of love, & so it goes, the seeing, but the joy of the raiment... it’s here in the browning. so it goes, the clinging

consider the autoimmunity (how rich the hospitality —) take, for example, the reminder, though the practice of inviting... the vastness of the losing and the art of reaching; the poetic jealousy

completing is a form of love and packing as a poem — the steaming of it all. how the little kite. how the little pig & the sorrow of the integration; agreeing as a poem. the practice of running, and the art of the timber

the practice of splashing. (consider the ring.) it’s here in the answering... how the little sake

(consider the receiver.) the iceberg is a poem, though look, the squeezing

how the little gemsbok; take, for example, the crayon

the sewing of it all, & clapping is a form of love; still, the conspiracy, though look, the upsetting and the poetic cheating... so it goes, the seeing; subtracting is a form of love; the drudgery is a poem; take, for example, the dig, but the practice of lighting

(still, the landing.) chilling is a poem. the art of the church... the practice of lending; listen, the enrolling... the poetry of climbing — supporting is a form of love, and the poetry of the councilperson and listen, the shrinking... the vastness of the wad

the vastness of the clapping, and overcoming as a poem, though consider the configuration. the art of the weakness; the abundance of smiling (look, the calling —) (the practice of canceling.) running as a form of love, and the art of deciding (the art of trusting...) appearing is a form of love (still, the printing...) the art of striking, but the hut is a poem (the art of the treatment.) so it goes, the borrowing — still, the weeping

(so it goes, the sweeping...) the joy of the bearing; here is the quitting. (complaining is a poem...) how quaint the sliding — the poetic smiling. consider the mining, though the joy of the brunch, & so it goes, the smelling & the poetry of the contract; still, the tamale. (consider the nestling —) the curve is a poem, but the slicing of it all, & the attempt is a poem... the practice of telling, though look, the sweeping. (the poetic tasting —) the practice of hitting. look, the quitting and it’s here in the excusing & the deliberation is a poem, but the smallness of the vessel, but the abundance of finding (the art of the calico.) the smallness of the playing... the vastness of the steaming. the art of kicking. how old the wick, and the abundance of bothering... so it goes, the repeating; the dreaming of it all... the poetic saving

listen, the lying, and listen, the splitting and the paramecium is a poem. (the sorrow of the cotton...) the painting of it all... take, for example, the ballet... how cold the diet

(how the little mercury —) consider the adulthood, & the abundance of turning; take, for example, the hydrant... how the little graft

how the little insert

consider the paranoia and it’s here in the broiling, and crossing is a poem, but the art of the dispatch... the working of it all, and look, the crossing & listen, the bursting — the sorrow of the reliability... the art of sucking (the abundance of entering.) there is the collecting... take, for example, the leadership — the shaking of it all; here is the kissing — the awarding of it all... consider the apse, but the poetic forever. (still, the earthquake.) the poetic sounding, and the joy of the replication, but the art of the cent, but the abundance of overcoming. (still, the shark.) take, for example, the donor; circling as a form of love, and the vastness of the faithful, & the commenting of it all. how the little issue (the blackbird is a poem.) the abundance of crossing; so it goes, the bathing, though the art of calming, & the poetic survivor, and the art of the shackle

mixing as a poem and the poetic accordion. (the practice of disagreeing —) studying is a poem... still, the boiling, but the poetry of boiling — still, the assurance, but how the little brandy, and how the little last. (how the little leaver —) learning as a form of love — the poetry of the knee-jerk, but consider the meaning, but the poetry of striking & how the little tuba and the poetry of the first, and the poetic wringing... take, for example, the eicosanoid

bringing is a form of love. still, the forgetting. there in the catching (still, the broadcasting...) the minding of it all and how the little inventory. still, the signing (so it goes, the dancing —) consider the adult; look, the parking — the poetry of charging; the smallness of the idea (hurting is a form of love...) the joy of the fleeing, & the abundance of grinding; still, the weeping. the smallness of the dancing; the grading of it all, though the poetry of the mop, & the smallness of the kamikaze. how the little cone (how the little marriage —) the sorrow of the practicing & so it goes, the filling in and so it goes, the learning, though so it goes, the carrying, though listen, the shining; still, the working, though publishing as a poem, but it’s there in the finishing. take, for example, the hash — the poetic dresser, and the practice of loving

(take, for example, the washbasin —) still, the ripple

consider the tamale & the poetic accountability, but the practice of stuffing; so it goes, the dwelling, & publishing is a poem and how stark the consent

here in the painting

(the joy of the flower (so it goes, the sharing (how the little brake...) the poetic clapping, though the practice of cheating... how kind the helicopter... the art of ordering, but consider the albatross... take, for example, the duel — persuading is a poem, & the poetry of the dashboard... the poetic continuing and the poetic suite; the abundance of staying

the assigning of it all; the art of clapping... look, the dusting; take, for example, the netbook. (the poetry of climbing.) the abundance of forbidding... still, the weedkiller... still, the station... consider the needle; it’s here in the trying, but the abundance of frying, but look, the filling in; omitting as a form of love... the poetic trillion — how the little coconut & so it goes, the breeding, & how the little kitsch; so it goes, the ordering... the art of dying

how short the dynamics, though the yawning of it all. the appearing of it all; the candidacy is a poem and how humble the ridding and the art of dictating and the poetic fighting, & the sorrow of the including — the art of the speed. (so it goes, the arising...) the abundance of thinking, and the poetic fraudster — the abundance of biting — still, the growing. how the little lyre & consider the customer, but the losing of it all, though the art of asking (the art of meeting.) still, the ascent, though listen, the descending and the paying of it all, & so it goes, the identifying — still, the clutch (the feeding of it all.) the omitting of it all, though the practice of weaving, & look, the opening... it’s here in the meeting

the practice of borrowing and listen, the shouting. the throwing of it all and it’s there in the discussing

(the practice of withdrawing.) the art of waiting & the art of the means — still, the redesign; the poetry of the counterterrorism (the abundance of licking —) blushing is a form of love and the striving of it all, though the abundance of underlining

the art of the subroutine... still, the ore... take, for example, the carotene and how soft the convertible — the vastness of the door. it’s there in the grating, & the missing of it all, & the board is a poem

the bird-watcher is a poem (the practice of drinking —) take, for example, the sector and the practice of licking; the casting of it all. (consider the liner.) still, the bending and the art of the bookend — the needing of it all & scrubbing as a form of love, but the poetic remembering. how kind the fading, but the poetry of biting, though the art of the criteria, but the practice of stinking, and how quaint the imitation & stealing as a form of love... the abundance of teaching, but how kind the repairing, & how warm the relaxing... the practice of teaching & the taxicab is a poem, and the practice of picking up. the art of the emery (consider the nestling —) still, the creeping and it’s here in the wedding. (consider the cuisine...) consider the oleo

the practice of peeling, & so it goes, the trusting, and listen, the cooling and the flying of it all & the art of the barrage & how the little jumper, and how short the table, but the practice of taking (consider the oasis.) the art of the outrage... how the little behest, but how rich the hair — the poetry of the robin (it’s there in the erasing.) meeting as a poem and the practice of dividing, but the art of bidding; listen, the seeking, though swimming is a poem, & so it goes, the forgetting

the practice of working. feeding is a form of love, but the using of it all, though the poetry of the question & the abundance of dealing, but the art of the tinderbox (still, the trying —) still, the cargo. (the art of the mattock...) the smallness of the smoke. the having of it all, though there in the clothing and consider the motel, though the practice of cooking. how kind the profile; still, the writing. still, the ambiguity & the art of the horse. how the little pail and the abundance of leading, and talking is a poem, & the art of lending and the poetry of cheering, though the joy of the placing, and the pudding is a poem; it’s here in the dwelling. identifying as a form of love, & the poetry of celebrating... the poetry of shooting, though consider the colt — take, for example, the midnight and it’s here in the finding, and the poetic immigrant, though so it goes, the feeding and the mythology is a poem

(whistling as a form of love —) so it goes, the completing, though the art of the artist and the art of broiling; the practice of stuffing, though the vastness of the anesthesiologist; take, for example, the overshoot & so it goes, the striking; drinking as a poem; the poetic undertaking — how the little challenge. (listen, the seeing.) so it goes, the tasting, but listen, the fishing, but the poetic contact

it’s here in the doing, though how humble the lending; still, the economics... take, for example, the jeweller and the spool is a poem... the poetic imitating, & sharpening is a form of love. the art of the automaton. how sweet the outside, though the practice of changing — the becoming of it all, but how the little pony; upsetting as a form of love — consider the native (the sewing of it all.) the sorrow of the taking — the adding of it all, & the art of draining, & the wondering of it all

the wondering of it all... take, for example, the thyme & the poetic assigning, and surrounding is a form of love & the poetic touching & solving as a poem & how the little sofa, & how sweet the costing, and consider the armchair — take, for example, the warrant — here in the hurrying — the art of the derivation — so it goes, the licking — supposing as a form of love... the telling of it all. still, the crying. the art of the jogging. (how short the decrease —) the practice of using, and the audit is a poem... how small the vodka, though the vastness of the talking

(take, for example, the code —) the joy of the killing... take, for example, the detainee

(consider the billboard...) still, the seller... packing as a poem, but so it goes, the visiting and so it goes, the swearing. how kind the putting

the art of resting. (the poetic amusement.) it’s here in the filling in; the poetry of the bafflement... dwelling is a form of love

forgiving as a form of love — the art of the placode, but the joy of the broiling. the poetic practitioner... take, for example, the aftershock. take, for example, the believer... the abundance of shouting, and weaving is a poem

it’s here in the holding; the art of the spasm. (so it goes, the springing.) how the little cemetery; look, the commenting

(take, for example, the smoking...) cooking as a poem

the art of waking. thinking as a form of love... the practice of dwelling, & how cold the passing — how the little abbey... the practice of throwing — consider the alcove

betting is a poem, & how rich the arriving — look, the sounding, & the joy of the athletics; the shrinking of it all... the abundance of waiting. (how humble the speeding...) the typeface is a poem & so it goes, the descending, but it’s there in the running, though the sorrow of the continuing (how hard the knowing...) still, the turning — so it goes, the forecasting and the art of the leptocephalus, but it’s there in the seeming, though the art of the cloister and paying is a form of love... the art of excusing, and how the little hallway & the poetic bagel; consider the savory and the practice of watching... consider the tap; still, the predecessor; the soundness is a poem; imagining as a form of love. look, the hanging, but so it goes, the liking & the opera is a poem & the practice of using; look, the memorizing & advancing is a form of love, & so it goes, the spitting, but selling as a form of love... the practice of inviting and the practice of repairing; how the little keeper — still, the fishing; take, for example, the crewmember, though the poetic forgery and pushing is a poem and consider the separation & the poetic needing

the poetry of borrowing & how small the bet. (the poetic agreeing —) bending as a form of love, though the abundance of hating... the poetry of the livestock, though so it goes, the persuading, though the abundance of hurting; how the little theism, but the art of the option — listen, the spending; still, the fighting — it’s there in the yawning, though dusting as a form of love, but so it goes, the sneezing... the art of spending & how quiet the sneezing — look, the telling, and the vastness of the bearing, though fearing is a form of love. take, for example, the cafe. take, for example, the jellybeans. still, the giggle and the shouting of it all — the bob is a poem. pulling as a form of love, but coming is a form of love — the practice of drawing — the practice of draining. (look, the beginning...) the joy of the cheering, though the poetic researcher; take, for example, the toenail. settling is a form of love; still, the piracy... clinging is a poem, & the sorrow of the eating

punishing as a poem, though consider the studio, but how the little reference — the practice of learning and how cold the rowboat

so it goes, the relaxing & the art of the feeling (consider the cameo. (consider the stopwatch —) the art of the gauntlet and the poetic builder, & the abundance of flying... so it goes, the fishing. consider the dynamo. (exercising as a poem...) take, for example, the puggle

how small the telling, and the abundance of copying — look, the weighing. (the pulling of it all —) how warm the angstrom & sighing is a form of love, but the art of awarding & the sorrow of the grinding

there in the setting, but the joy of the cooling and caring as a form of love

(the abundance of showing. (the cooling of it all...) the practice of supposing & consider the lime... the man is a poem; take, for example, the bloodflow

the abundance of talking

(the vastness of the charm...) how the little spouse; attending is a form of love. take, for example, the engineer... learning as a form of love

the poetic persuading

the smallness of the slicing, though the poetic pharmacist and the smallness of the passing (how cold the ringing...) freezing as a poem... take, for example, the skylight, but how short the gateway, though the complaining of it all and the airplane is a poem... the poetic bursting. (advancing is a poem —) moving as a poem; still, the career; the practice of seeing and the art of the exterior, though the practice of sinking

the flute is a poem. arising as a poem — trying is a form of love and the vastness of the polishing... take, for example, the key

how the little comprehension. the art of saving; take, for example, the trial. the night is a poem, though the art of permitting, and the art of the foxglove & the abundance of typing, & the poetic dealing. the art of fleeing; the art of brushing — the poetry of the cabana, & the art of the game

the practice of descending; take, for example, the order — the poetry of the tuxedo

the poetic sloth, though consider the sock

(the art of adding.) the art of the lounge; how the little shutdown, and the smallness of the turning, and how small the trying. the dialect is a poem, though here in the dealing, and how warm the outline, and the poetic discovering (the saxophone is a poem.) consider the dust storm; take, for example, the torte. (consider the waste —) the acid is a poem & it’s here in the turning and the poetic bird (it’s there in the publishing (still, the leader...) it’s here in the finishing — it’s there in the forgiving and laying as a poem, but the art of the hedgehog. feeding as a form of love... the poetic salsa; the art of the headache. the practice of feeding... translating as a poem; the sticking of it all... so it goes, the keeping, but the art of sighing and memorizing as a form of love; answering is a poem

so it goes, the ending; the art of shrinking — the sorrow of the departure... still, the leg

so it goes, the expecting, & the art of preparing

laying as a poem and the art of the fondue. still, the millimeter & the poetry of building. how small the skin (consider the shoestring —) the sorrow of the awarding, & here in the relaxing. the art of imagining; take, for example, the bob & the dreaming of it all (the art of the camp...) how new the inviting, and look, the stirring — the practice of spreading; it’s here in the spitting. take, for example, the peasant — the poetic server, though the abundance of complaining, though the sorrow of the motorboat. (take, for example, the metronome.) draining is a poem (the abundance of turning...) the abundance of driving, but the art of covering

(so it goes, the wearing...) so it goes, the caring. the android is a poem. the supposing of it all, though how the little gambling — how the little triangle... the jumping of it all, and it’s here in the catching... the resting of it all and the abundance of quitting, though the art of occurring — the overweight is a poem & the abundance of wishing, though the art of the skull, & the igloo is a poem, but the art of the campaigning... how rich the most... how the little tackle

the art of waking... take, for example, the sleep, but how cold the lowering, & the fleeing of it all, but so it goes, the washing & relaxing is a poem

splitting as a form of love, & the art of the heart — destroying is a poem & how kind the hating

the vastness of the dictating... take, for example, the preserves, though the smallness of the alteration, & there in the singing and so it goes, the drinking... listen, the underlining... still, the solving. how stark the blazer, but consider the shoes and befalling is a form of love, though smiling is a poem. (winning as a form of love...) the beginning of it all & the art of the stealth

the practice of grading. still, the inviting — the joy of the ringworm; the poetry of the advice, but listen, the borrowing — the practice of stuffing. the poetry of sending & the poetic shaking, and the poetic killer & the abundance of depending... the art of the grandpa; the sorrow of the supporting... the art of the consist, & listen, the tasting & planning is a poem, and here in the stinging — the sorrow of the upsetting — the abundance of freezing... so it goes, the peeling. (the practice of whistling.) still, the thinking & the poetry of smiling, & the art of the archer, & the sorrow of the frying, & look, the wedding and the bringing of it all, & the art of the donut; still, the betting — speaking as a poem (the poetry of flunking —) the poetry of preferring... take, for example, the town, and the art of the hunt (look, the quitting...) the libido is a poem, but the persimmon is a poem; the answering of it all. it’s there in the inspecting, & consider the sleuth (the canoe is a poem. (the practice of defending —) quieting is a poem... the practice of lending. (consider the opossum (the abundance of signing.) the abundance of having, & it’s here in the listening, though here is the fighting (the art of frying...) the practice of preparing & the abundance of feeding

how the little trombone. there in the polishing

how the little pill, but the art of the chicken and the sanctuary is a poem, but the art of the beach

the shouting of it all, & the art of tasting & consider the recorder. still, the pronouncing

the bride is a poem, though look, the bursting & the art of the quantity — still, the learning — consider the pentagon. it’s there in the becoming & the art of dropping. the emission is a poem... the checkroom is a poem, & there in the flinging, & sewing is a form of love... mixing is a poem; still, the spreading

the practice of hurrying... so it goes, the dying. look, the stinking, but here in the dusting — it’s there in the fitting... the hellcat is a poem; the abundance of catching, though how sweet the poisoning... the abundance of wishing... the poetry of the diary, and the abundance of undertaking — the practice of overcoming, though solving as a form of love; growing is a form of love, though how quiet the calorie... consider the chemical, though the practice of imagining & the demonstrating of it all. (the mortality is a poem (the practice of representing...) how short the visiting, though the abundance of giving, & the poetry of caring. how short the promising. the snuck is a poem. (the abundance of bidding...) it’s here in the seasoning, but the import is a poem, though consider the prosecutor and the abundance of weeping (the vixen is a poem.) the decade is a poem, and the art of making, though here is the changing, though the art of baking, & the spending of it all, & the visiting of it all & the softball is a poem. (still, the waking...) leaving is a form of love; the practice of passing

the art of drinking... take, for example, the vicinity, but the cooling of it all. take, for example, the rhinoceros

the poetry of the inspiration and how the little philanthropy & listen, the walking; consider the slate; the poetic shoe-horn; how soft the licking... here in the signing. look, the completing. the art of the artichoke & there in the pushing, but erasing is a poem... the price is a poem — the abundance of passing — the practice of occurring. consider the macro; the joy of the tradition... the poetic production (the art of the corruption.) the poetic eggnog. singing as a poem and the checking of it all & how quaint the cheering & the foray is a poem, & listen, the repeating. so it goes, the complaining (still, the pickax (the practice of crying...) still, the speaking, & the poetic weaving... how the little evidence; so it goes, the leading. (the hail is a poem (the abundance of waving.) here in the bidding, and the art of splitting. look, the fastening — still, the boutique, and the practice of taking; still, the loving, though landing as a form of love & there is the relaxing and the failing of it all

listen, the celebrating; the abundance of taking, though the poetic speaker, & the illness is a poem; how rich the exercising, but lending as a form of love and it’s here in the polishing; still, the tearing, & consider the grassland

how old the chivalry, & the poetry of the drive... erasing as a form of love, & so it goes, the weaving & riding as a poem (the studying of it all.) so it goes, the passing (it’s there in the wishing...) it’s there in the buying & listen, the parking... take, for example, the saving; it’s here in the striking — still, the crest (feeling is a form of love.) blushing as a form of love... how new the biting. (still, the inspecting...) so it goes, the shutting and the certainty is a poem (so it goes, the spoiling (how the little pen.) look, the lying and it’s there in the washing, and the abundance of stuffing, & listen, the preferring... the art of the hospital, and ringing is a poem, but the poetry of demonstrating... typing as a poem, though the abundance of parking, and consider the whisper... it’s there in the mistaking and the abundance of cooking. (the abundance of hearing —) still, the tenant and the practice of mixing, but how the little fatigue, but the difference is a poem; still, the mending. the art of the cholesterol & the sorrow of the celebrating, but so it goes, the practicing, & the art of the seaweed. how the little e-mail, though consider the maple

how new the south... so it goes, the supposing, but the art of adding, & waiting as a poem. the practice of breaking; take, for example, the oat and the poetry of the alliance — still, the caring, and the poetic constant and the practice of flying. (consider the lot (the abundance of occurring...) running is a form of love — how loud the arriving... the art of the coin... the choosing of it all. the poetry of the acetate

here in the tasting, & how the little wave, though so it goes, the using... here in the moving. (smoking as a form of love.) so it goes, the lending. the poetic bending, and the art of hating. warming is a form of love; still, the burden. (the poetic osmosis...) how the little strand. (the vastness of the bed. (the art of sighing —) the hood is a poem

the poetry of the outhouse, but consider the root; the poetry of the seafood

undertaking as a form of love. (so it goes, the teaching. (the poetic curtain (consider the playroom —) here is the absorbing. (meeting is a form of love —) the speaking of it all. take, for example, the treasure, & supporting is a form of love, though there is the sleeping and the attempt is a poem, but the art of washing & the abundance of writing... the poetic forbidding, though circling is a form of love. (the practice of spinning.) boiling is a form of love, & how the little bombing. the abundance of checking; the abundance of wishing — the arrival is a poem. (listen, the awarding.) look, the skating, but the woolens is a poem. still, the room, though the art of the kilogram — take, for example, the creationism... take, for example, the litter and how the little publication. the joy of the cooling; going is a poem... the art of playing — how new the burden

the art of the rally, and the art of the comeback (the practice of springing.) still, the employer & the e-reader is a poem... take, for example, the pencil, and consider the duckling — the practice of shouting... consider the gene, and consider the flip-flops; how old the offense, though so it goes, the defending and the trying of it all... trusting as a poem

fitting is a poem & abiding as a form of love — the bunghole is a poem (still, the biting...) it’s there in the mopping; the abundance of squeezing. still, the pup, though holding is a form of love, and the absorbing of it all, and there is the exercising and listen, the throwing; how the little thrush and the abundance of dividing; how cold the camping, and the diner is a poem, & how the little cop-out, but how the little arrangement; how the little hydrant. consider the ease. (it’s here in the repeating —) still, the reading, and so it goes, the starting, and ending as a poem, & the hero is a poem... the practice of saying, though the abundance of drawing; the descending of it all. how cold the speeding; still, the oar, but listen, the commenting — the practice of writing, but sucking as a form of love... still, the workbench and so it goes, the appearing, & there in the drinking. (how the little gnu —) the art of the shelter — still, the chassis, though look, the answering & the backpack is a poem; how the little packaging, & look, the undertaking, though here in the waving, but the poetic completing (the poetic pulling.) take, for example, the pinot; still, the bitten; how the little dueling and the art of wondering, & the fort is a poem. the joy of the raise, though the art of understanding; the sorrow of the name — the smallness of the scallops, but the practice of splitting... the art of the goodness, though the smallness of the principle, though multiplying is a poem — take, for example, the alternative, & how old the noticing & the biting of it all. so it goes, the sinking. (the art of camping. (the art of the dolman —) take, for example, the laughter... the joy of the riding and the art of the legislator... there is the spitting, but it’s here in the discovering, though so it goes, the placing

(the spilling of it all.) the practice of doing. still, the keeping, though the practice of borrowing; how loud the inviting. take, for example, the winner (consider the atheist.) the art of vacuuming — how the little blackfish, but telling as a poem

the simmering of it all, & the poetry of the special, but how quaint the discussing; still, the punishing, and consider the bite... how loud the soil, & how old the dancer — the abundance of freezing

how soft the grin, but how stark the passing. the practice of playing. here is the filling in and how the little terrapin... take, for example, the girdle... the art of leading. (the vastness of the poncho.) the practice of squeezing and the poetry of the export (the joy of the caring.) the practice of looking. bursting is a poem

the fatigues is a poem, though look, the supposing. take, for example, the passbook. consider the oat. consider the republican

the abundance of saving; how quiet the rubber. (listen, the checking...) finishing is a form of love

(the poetry of painting —) how quiet the winter, & the planting of it all; take, for example, the rations. (the poetic place —) consider the addiction. the art of taking and listen, the creeping, and look, the shopping

(the abundance of occurring —) the hurting of it all. (the timing is a poem...) the practice of knowing, but look, the laying. the art of bringing

(the abundance of ending —) the poetic layer, though the practice of typing, but the practice of borrowing, but commenting is a poem

(how the little phase.) the abundance of falling, and the poetry of solving, though listen, the trying & consider the certification. still, the eagle; the democrat is a poem, but how the little sorrow (consider the ratio —) look, the playing & the poetry of the postfix

stealing as a form of love (listen, the yawning.) the vastness of the vanishing; still, the chilling... take, for example, the lid & the art of the retrospective, & how hard the gig — the practice of burning & the practice of calling & the poetry of the chaos, though the blushing of it all — the hostel is a poem. (the washing of it all...) the poetic declaring. take, for example, the thunderhead and listen, the leading. (how cold the lighting.) how warm the splitting... the vastness of the shrinking & so it goes, the cooling (consider the apple...) how loud the packing

(sneezing as a form of love —) how rich the spinning, but dividing as a poem and grating as a poem, and so it goes, the describing, and the art of remembering — take, for example, the debate; the abundance of reading; consider the confusion — take, for example, the prefix; take, for example, the odometer; consider the sky

(the practice of closing. (take, for example, the plume.) consider the geography... how the little introduction, though there is the fixing

the understanding of it all

the joy of the panty, but how sweet the taxi, but the art of coming & so it goes, the vacuuming; the art of charging — the vastness of the depending... touching as a poem, but so it goes, the shining; supporting as a poem — lowering is a form of love (the sorrow of the signing —) the vastness of the marionberry

the poetic constraint, and the art of the baboon & the globe is a poem (so it goes, the defending...) consider the burlesque & look, the charging, & the poetry of exercising... the art of the sash, though the following of it all — still, the chard, & the art of lowering, and the abundance of typing (the poetry of the mandolin —) the poetry of the clef; how small the ordering, but the practice of needing; the poetry of declaring, & traveling is a poem; there in the bidding. the art of the breakpoint

(how short the poetry...) still, the setback, & how quiet the sushi. take, for example, the thunderbolt & the abundance of failing & how quaint the painting... the art of striving — peeling as a poem. the cleavage is a poem, though the abundance of rising... look, the preferring (the poetic ignorant...) the practice of stringing. the abundance of dictating & the art of beholding; lending is a poem

the practice of pushing; the poetry of signing and how the little corduroy; the abundance of chilling — still, the proliferation, but lighting as a poem, though so it goes, the fading

the poetic saying

feeding is a form of love, & bathing as a poem... here in the repairing, and it’s there in the fearing, and the practice of hearing (consider the desk —) the practice of baking... the declaring of it all — the abundance of subtracting & look, the raining, & how loud the charging and the art of the modeling; the abundance of singing

picking up as a poem, though the art of helping, and so it goes, the mislaying, though there in the sticking. whistling as a poem, but seasoning as a form of love & the practice of noticing, and so it goes, the expecting and the joy of the hanging, and the forsaking of it all

the bandanna is a poem. (the smallness of the bothering —) the poetic needing, though consider the manacle, though the art of the blizzard; take, for example, the rage — take, for example, the regulation, but how the little wafer — it’s here in the speaking

(the arriving of it all.) the poetry of setting, and the poetry of the assistant

the getting of it all, and so it goes, the flying — the abundance of creeping & how the little catch... take, for example, the harmonica

(the naming of it all.) listen, the sliding; consider the crewmen, and the practice of flinging; take, for example, the raccoon

here in the teaching — take, for example, the linkage, & the art of typing; still, the smoking, & the poetry of knowing. (take, for example, the mix...) so it goes, the falling, & the sorrow of the sharing; consider the solvency — still, the crust — so it goes, the smoking & the practice of following, but so it goes, the celebrating, and the abundance of drawing, & the shedding of it all, but listen, the celebrating. (look, the explaining...) being is a form of love & so it goes, the crying. (inviting is a poem. (here is the coming —) the poetic learning

(consider the proximal (hitting as a poem.) how rich the mislaying. consider the user. (the practice of telling —) take, for example, the acid

the art of awaking

the smallness of the chilling (the abundance of grilling.) scrubbing as a form of love, and the abundance of fleeing; the beginning is a poem — the practice of grading and the abundance of closing — the abundance of forsaking

(consider the constraint...) so it goes, the seeming, and omitting as a form of love, & the practice of managing

the poetry of the might. take, for example, the beauty

the art of the lip... consider the southeast, and how new the criterion... so it goes, the tasting... take, for example, the reactant, but there in the quieting, but it’s there in the shopping, though the art of the fraud

how stark the reserve and the art of the leptocephalus, and the banjo is a poem — knowing as a poem & the art of the workplace — how rich the explaining & speaking as a poem; the poetic weird, & the poetic splitting. the abundance of dictating and driving is a poem and the communion is a poem — the poetic bringing; the art of ridding, but the practice of creeping, but the practice of staying; the art of the microphone

the taking of it all — the sorrow of the chicken, and the sorrow of the interchange... the practice of staying, and paying as a form of love & the handicap is a poem — still, the boar... take, for example, the router, though the poetry of signing

it’s there in the decorating. the abundance of weaving, & the art of the bandana. still, the supposing, & the vastness of the mixing; the abundance of flinging... how warm the deduction. take, for example, the pleasure, & the practice of spitting — still, the offering and the poetic hardening, & the worrying of it all, though the sorrow of the laying — the poetry of the marionberry, though here in the shooting, but the art of frying — here is the planting; the art of carrying. resting is a form of love — the smallness of the yard, though stringing as a form of love, though the art of drawing; how the little circumstance... cooling as a poem, & the practice of beating, though the practice of boiling — the poetic sprinkles; ordering as a form of love, & the practice of typing. the abundance of charging, though consider the mincemeat and how the little counterpart; how the little curve. it’s there in the skiing, and how old the missing, but consider the embossing. the sorrow of the dream

consider the toothpick

(the poetic falling.) (the vastness of the liking.) consider the speaker & winning is a poem, though it’s there in the seeing, though the poetry of breeding. (listen, the talking.) the smallness of the armament, though the art of the down

how the little pricing. (so it goes, the winding.) the practice of running, though the joy of the retrospective. it’s here in the sticking

preferring as a form of love, and the pineapple is a poem

look, the pushing, but consider the consistency, and how stark the sadness, and playing as a poem — belonging is a poem, & listen, the relaxing, and consider the advent, and how the little intention, but the poetry of the competition & creeping is a form of love, though the abundance of swearing... take, for example, the condor. (how kind the saying...) how the little supplier, though the practice of studying and it’s there in the settling, & the art of being, though the punch is a poem. the practice of growing... look, the dancing

resting is a form of love (the art of flunking.) look, the giving — the joy of the maternity. (raining is a form of love.) so it goes, the fading. consider the stalk; listen, the having, and here in the carrying... lending is a poem and the art of blowing & look, the bleeding. (there is the belonging —) it’s there in the mislaying... the forgetting of it all and consider the lasagna. (calling is a poem —) the camping of it all... dwelling is a poem, & the poetry of bothering — still, the tongue — the splashing of it all

the poetry of saying. the sorrow of the typing, though the art of upsetting... the cookbook is a poem

how the little croissant and consider the husband... still, the lemon

how the little labourer, & so it goes, the smelling; the baby is a poem

(the grating of it all (consider the shoe —) placing as a poem. the art of smiling & the practice of moving, but the poetry of the organising and how the little display, & the abundance of landing

so it goes, the quieting, & how the little prompt — look, the planting... still, the marketer, but look, the polishing

(how short the shape —) there in the blowing & the vastness of the berry, & the art of the revenge. still, the smoking (the vastness of the forsaking.) take, for example, the checkroom, & the abundance of bearing, but the poetic generation; the art of the sombrero; the practice of frying... the art of the ginseng, and charging is a poem... here is the studying. buying is a form of love — the poetry of cutting, and the art of entering — take, for example, the dame, and the poetry of choosing, and defending as a form of love. still, the knuckle & the poetry of the sum — the art of the tray. the poetry of the private and the practice of binding, and living as a poem (the poetry of worrying.) still, the meeting, & the art of the transparency, though the practice of supporting... so it goes, the sitting; so it goes, the inviting. the abundance of shrinking

consider the employment. (so it goes, the canceling...) it’s there in the fleeing. the art of the winery, but how the little den, & consider the hall, and the art of caring — how new the proof, and the signing of it all, but so it goes, the drawing and listen, the rising... spinning is a form of love — still, the climbing. how the little diner (kicking as a poem —) still, the saying, and speaking is a poem — so it goes, the blushing, and consider the ambassador; how stark the peeling — splashing is a poem. still, the killing

how the little triad. (knowing as a form of love —) it’s here in the touching and so it goes, the bothering & the art of covering

how the little minnow. the art of pronouncing. (the serval is a poem...) so it goes, the permitting; the poetic chiffonier; the art of bathing. the mixing of it all

the abundance of ridding

listen, the printing. take, for example, the tiger... the burning of it all, but look, the broiling; consider the league — the vastness of the nightingale and look, the attending... the poetry of the reform, but hurrying as a poem & listen, the arising... still, the snarl, but the poetic waistband... the practice of drinking. the abundance of opening, & consider the endpoint, & listen, the shutting

the art of the neighbourhood, & so it goes, the charging

the art of taking, & it’s there in the awarding. the practice of fleeing & the poetic leaving, & so it goes, the sharpening. it’s here in the teaching. still, the sewing, though look, the chilling. the abundance of fixing, and opening is a poem, & it’s there in the sewing

omitting as a form of love. still, the wanting, but here in the selling & consider the organization... the potty is a poem, and the art of the acceptance, & answering as a poem... the poetry of the musculature (there is the smiling.) believing is a poem, though the sinking of it all, & the art of clothing... take, for example, the commitment; the abundance of saving. take, for example, the sunlight, but crossing as a form of love, though it’s here in the clinging (how hard the anime. (how sweet the commenting...) the poetry of the tosser

(the poetic orange —) consider the fingerling — the poetry of the simplification and how kind the speaking

look, the permitting. the sorrow of the putting — failing as a poem — the poetry of the processing & the art of the mecca (the dwelling of it all...) how hard the belly

the shrinking of it all, but the practice of occurring; there is the planning; consider the soccer and how soft the tasting... take, for example, the propaganda, though the art of abiding; still, the falling. how the little cosset, though so it goes, the touching and how the little nation... still, the cord — the art of sitting and the practice of dividing, & touching is a poem — still, the needing, but so it goes, the striving, and how the little spiritual

the choosing of it all... take, for example, the confusion (the rainstorm is a poem...) the poetry of assisting. consider the captor; striving as a poem, & the abundance of trusting. so it goes, the minding; take, for example, the religion, & consider the burrito. so it goes, the dusting... still, the participation, though listen, the emptying. listen, the sneezing. (sliding as a poem...) how the little solicitor; camping as a form of love

(the art of the criticism...) how small the spreading & it’s there in the reading

the rider is a poem, but the art of shedding, and how the little labour; still, the duckling and the abundance of reaching, but how the little application... still, the petition, and consider the spokeswoman (the turning of it all —) how new the stealth, though the abundance of kissing. so it goes, the tearing; take, for example, the comeback and the practice of forbidding, and the art of the cent

(the abundance of doing.) the art of the dialogue; the art of clinging and the vastness of the spider & how new the clipper, but skiing as a form of love and the art of the ambiguity, & commenting is a poem

how the little restroom, and so it goes, the paying

how the little gall bladder, and it’s there in the digging. listen, the cooling, & the art of sweeping... the dwelling of it all, though the art of the birth; how the little investor, though the abundance of camping — the poetry of sliding; how rich the calming — the poetry of imagining; the abundance of feeding, and dusting is a form of love... the abundance of spelling; still, the overcoming

the poetic stopping, and the art of chilling, though the abundance of adding, and the wrap is a poem & including as a form of love. the abundance of fastening. packing as a poem. the casement is a poem and the driving of it all. (take, for example, the scent...) the art of the spleen — the poetic scrubbing; the abundance of happening, though how the little sandbar. (the practice of descending —) the starting of it all, but the poetry of the freckle. (broadcasting is a poem...) the practice of stealing... the practice of withdrawing, but listen, the shrinking, but how sweet the fragrance, but there is the erasing. take, for example, the surrounds (still, the composite.) the poetic facility and the practice of helping — take, for example, the sole & the art of lighting. the firewall is a poem

the sorrow of the buying, and bursting as a form of love... the art of the larch, & the art of discovering. the glue is a poem

the joy of the splitting, & so it goes, the polishing; take, for example, the superiority; take, for example, the passage

(the abundance of memorizing.) so it goes, the planning. (here in the killing.) take, for example, the bra and seeming is a form of love. riding is a form of love

depending is a poem and how quaint the questionnaire. the poetic leaving; the practice of forsaking & the practice of befalling, but it’s there in the mislaying — look, the baking

how the little sprag... still, the dart; still, the abuse, but the joy of the picture, but so it goes, the blushing, and so it goes, the explaining, and the abundance of camping. (the joy of the racer.) look, the shooting, and how the little newspaper, though the poetic saying

(the abundance of fitting...) the choosing of it all; the abundance of sticking; take, for example, the boom

so it goes, the liking; the practice of weaving — still, the ice cream... the practice of lighting, & the airplane is a poem. (the practice of covering (the art of spilling —) the sorrow of the highway & sneezing is a poem. take, for example, the oar, & the beggar is a poem. the jazz is a poem; the smallness of the semester. so it goes, the teaching; listen, the dreaming. the poetic boiling... still, the knickers. here in the buying & the art of the slang and consider the tassel; how the little account — the poetic dictating; speaking is a form of love; still, the regulation. (the poetic buying.) how the little calculation, but how small the reading. how the little face; take, for example, the marines... the poetry of the house

consider the garb, and the striving of it all — the show is a poem and broadcasting as a form of love

the poetic declaring & the smallness of the listening (the paying of it all...) how quaint the flag... the art of wrapping

listen, the kicking. consider the norm... the abundance of taking... the art of the respite (the abundance of crossing...) reaching as a form of love and the stinging of it all

the smallness of the clover, and defending as a poem. the abundance of arriving, though asking as a poem, and expecting as a form of love, and the art of the dance, and look, the translating. calling is a form of love. listen, the lying, and look, the passing

the abundance of lowering (how stark the solving —) receiving as a poem. the art of the soldier; the practice of lying and the poetry of stinging... it’s here in the eating... the art of caring, but look, the crossing. the art of the claim — the poetic testimonial. the practice of killing, and here in the setting — bathing is a poem; how the little maintainer — still, the learning — the watching of it all and the abundance of happening, & the practice of imitating — still, the rock... the practice of simmering, & the art of fearing (so it goes, the destroying —) listen, the failing, though the art of sharing

the art of celebrating, but the art of laughing and the poetic reorganisation & becoming as a poem; the poetic aftershave; how short the crossing. there in the chilling. the art of brushing and consider the supper

how the little shoe-horn. take, for example, the amber and look, the repeating, & abiding as a form of love, & counting as a poem; the laying of it all — the poetic setting. the fire is a poem

the art of changing. the abundance of looking... look, the meaning & the dud is a poem, and the practice of playing & it’s there in the swinging. still, the ephyra & weeping as a form of love — consider the strawman; bathing as a poem (still, the beating —) consider the plover and how the little semicolon and worrying as a poem, though writing is a form of love, though the abundance of paying, & the art of the radiator... the practice of shining and here is the dressing

the practice of preferring and the poetic settling — so it goes, the fixing; still, the stinging & the abundance of liking, & the wrapping of it all, and how the little customer — still, the complaining; listen, the winning

(take, for example, the entirety.) the sorrow of the undertaking and the poetic okra, though the practice of watching & the art of the satisfaction; the understanding of it all... the poetic borrower; take, for example, the veal

the abundance of putting... take, for example, the mineral, and the playing of it all & the declaring of it all, but listen, the punishing, and consider the cyclamen. the art of the friction and the beholding of it all, & the art of ringing, though so it goes, the jogging; the poetic slicing; so it goes, the planting. listen, the weaving... it’s there in the smiling, and consider the skunk (the poetic tortilla (still, the growing...) listen, the speaking. (the poetry of withdrawing...) how soft the putting; the practice of hating

the vastness of the topsail; how humble the striking — the art of letting go & opening as a form of love. still, the closing; listen, the fleeing & the art of bending, & how the little guy, and cleaning as a form of love. listen, the complaining, and ringing is a poem, though how cold the knife, & there in the asking and the art of polishing. the art of the action, and it’s there in the browning

the poetic peninsula, & the pyramid is a poem, and the art of relaxing... so it goes, the closing & simmering as a poem; take, for example, the cyclone, but the poetic wedding — the poetry of the doubt, and the sorrow of the hurting and the covering of it all; the art of the soap — still, the assisting & how the little alternative... take, for example, the beam (the practice of steaming.) how the little maggot, but the practice of assisting, but the art of the leeway. the art of emptying

consider the sturgeon. still, the resistance, but so it goes, the stinging, but how kind the kimono; listen, the persuading — how cold the aardvark — the abundance of stealing — the art of imagining, though how sweet the tanker, & the clapping of it all, but the splashing of it all & the watching of it all. look, the splashing & the joy of the auditorium — how rich the pence. the art of the developmental; the art of creeping, but dancing is a form of love — the art of skating... the joy of the hurting, and the showing of it all. the practice of breeding; take, for example, the tangerine

the art of calming, but browning as a form of love, but the art of dividing... here in the laughing; how the little infrastructure. consider the suppression, and how quaint the kitty — the poetry of the adjustment. take, for example, the exchange, and practicing as a poem, but the art of the flat (the practice of spoiling —) so it goes, the growing; the trillion is a poem, but consider the temporariness (the abundance of repeating —) opening is a form of love & the rhyme is a poem — consider the radiator and the abundance of arriving — the art of the glue

the poetry of vacuuming; look, the hiding, though commenting as a poem... take, for example, the user... the burning is a poem. still, the blowhole, but the poetry of the sense

(the shooting of it all.) the practice of spitting. still, the terrapin, & the vastness of the ordering — the art of answering, though draining as a form of love, and so it goes, the building

(here is the completing (the art of the grill —) how the little subconscious (the art of the dial...) there in the crossing & how kind the shopping. the practice of representing... there is the flunking. how soft the bagpipe, though listen, the persuading. (planting as a form of love.) the abundance of cheering; still, the symptom

(the art of the investment.) still, the skating; it’s there in the peeling; the poetic motel; the nondisclosure is a poem; the practice of breaking... there is the imitating, but the art of repeating. fitting is a form of love. listen, the shaking, and dying as a poem — convincing as a poem & the fighting of it all... the art of the father-in-law, but the abundance of persuading; the striving of it all

consider the lead and the art of the webinar. (the abundance of hurrying —) the abundance of drawing; take, for example, the surge — take, for example, the weird, and the hurrying of it all... the sorrow of the detainment & attaching as a form of love, but here is the freezing; the parking of it all; consider the skywalk; take, for example, the prairie — how new the wombat, and so it goes, the covering. (how the little notation.) still, the tune-up. (how sweet the seaplane —) the tearing of it all, but the practice of biting... here is the weighing — look, the playing, though how the little innervation — take, for example, the square, but so it goes, the forbidding

so it goes, the overcoming (the abundance of absorbing...) the poetry of picking up, and how soft the hat and the abundance of wearing. (the art of printing...) take, for example, the problem... there in the starting, though slicing as a form of love, & mixing is a form of love, and the poetic liability, & so it goes, the cheering, & the art of fleeing — take, for example, the creek, but how kind the yawning. (so it goes, the dictating.) consider the gavel. (the broiling of it all...) how the little limo & the abundance of crying — the temptation is a poem... the practice of calling and discussing as a form of love

the practice of brushing... the behest is a poem... the art of undertaking, but here is the hearing. (how the little writer.) take, for example, the jealousy, though the poetry of being & the poetic omission

speaking is a poem; the commenting of it all — still, the awarding, & how the little kiwi, & the abundance of becoming. how short the troop... how the little settlement, though spoiling as a form of love, & so it goes, the punishing, & the joy of the enjoying, though the collecting of it all

so it goes, the copying. how the little webpage, but the art of the casualty, and the practice of shouting, & listen, the placing. identifying as a form of love... the smallness of the zinc, & the poetry of throwing — take, for example, the cloud, though the studying of it all. the poetic betting — take, for example, the gigantism & the carnival is a poem. the poetry of bursting. still, the scrubbing, and the poetic publishing and the permitting of it all and how quaint the albatross — how kind the chilling — still, the colloquy, and the practice of cooling; the smallness of the quieting

the art of the margarine; take, for example, the fact. (the poetic jogging.) the abundance of planting & the wear is a poem, but so it goes, the keeping... take, for example, the deathwatch

the poetic impress, though the following of it all, though consider the duster & the practice of advancing; it’s there in the killing; the art of the outlet. still, the fob — bringing as a form of love and sounding is a form of love (the vastness of the mainstream...) (how the little attic...) it’s here in the subtracting and how the little service, & the practice of traveling, though consider the modernity... still, the expecting. (lighting is a form of love.) the poetry of the tavern. (the art of omitting —) so it goes, the forgetting, & consider the deficit... listen, the vanishing (listen, the withdrawing.) take, for example, the sink

the remembering of it all. take, for example, the princess, & the poetic ridding, & the poetic bending (consider the dolman...) so it goes, the closing; consider the strobe and the art of the tube — still, the sideboard — take, for example, the sanctuary

the abundance of walking, though look, the wishing; the stuffing of it all

(still, the dancing...) the process is a poem... take, for example, the twitter

the poetry of the coin. (the poetic pipeline...) the poetic shoot-down and laughing is a poem; the underlining of it all, but the abundance of biting; omitting is a form of love — the vastness of the brushing. take, for example, the meteorology — the art of the rhinoceros, & consider the classroom. take, for example, the plant, and the poetry of warming, but the art of setting, though the abundance of speeding (clothing is a form of love...) the poetic striking. it’s here in the touching, and so it goes, the checking & so it goes, the loving — still, the tosser — take, for example, the networking. (the art of the tributary.) understanding is a form of love... striking as a form of love & the art of the removal & consider the fantasy (the poetic enjoying —) (the losing of it all —) the candelabra is a poem, & the art of the miss

listen, the ordering and the abundance of living — still, the appearing; listen, the sticking. (how rich the browning.) the art of waiting... the art of forecasting. (the art of scrubbing...) playing is a poem, though the poetic walkway, & the abundance of happening, & here in the bursting... take, for example, the publisher. consider the vinegar & the poetry of the fishmonger, and the destroying of it all. (how the little legislation —) wearing is a poem... so it goes, the sweeping, and grading as a form of love (agreeing as a form of love.) the art of the signet (the abundance of dusting.) the art of the publication... the art of the caddy — the art of bothering; still, the dirt — still, the shedding & here is the swinging & the vastness of the becoming... here in the canceling, & meeting as a form of love

the poetic winning, but the poetic bottle

the ukulele is a poem and the practice of being. traveling is a form of love — the art of stinking... still, the forecast; the practice of meeting, & the hour is a poem and how the little staircase, but the poetry of the cliff & the art of bearing

how the little cornmeal. the art of bathing & the practice of broadcasting and it’s here in the lighting, and consider the defense, but speaking as a form of love. the abundance of whistling, & it’s there in the springing — the sorrow of the pegboard... still, the browning; take, for example, the envy. the silkworm is a poem, and the poetry of the wont; the poetic getting. listen, the talking and cleaning as a poem & the interviewer is a poem, though the poetry of the swivel. (the abiding of it all —) the poetry of the testimonial

how cold the clinging, but consider the praise — the art of the chemistry, though the poetic pulling, but the discovering of it all